<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
Abrams does like programming.
Actress Whoopi Goldberg and singer Michael Jackson attended the ceremony.
A few attended.
A few people attended.
A million people attended.
An income tax increase may be necessary.
Anne told me I would almost certainly be hired.
Are a dog and a cat here?
Are John or I invited?
Armenian is a wonderful language, Armenian food is great, and the Armenians are nice people.
As had been expected, the party was a big success.
As I suspected, he had already left.
But my efforts to win his heart have failed.
Buying of shares was brisk on Wall Street today.
Clinton announced on Tuesday a bold new proposal.
Danish is a wonderful language, Danish food is great, and the Danish are nice people.
Dick is important to fix the problem.
Did you put the milk in the refrigerator?
Do it the way you've always done it.
Do you think we should go to the party?
Failure to comply may result in dismissal.
Few attended.
Five other costumes got prizes.
From your description, I don't think I would enjoy it.
Grace may not be possible to fix the problem.
Have you ever seen the Pacific?
He and I are friends.
He disputed that our program was superior.
He is apparently an expert on dogs.
He is being hired by another company.
He is looking for another job.
He lives high in the mountains.
He made a mistake in inviting John.
He made a mistake in the inviting of John.
He told me why he was here and what he was doing.
He told them about the accident immediately.
He told them about the accident, presumably.
He was convicted under an obscure 1990 law.
High income taxes are important.
How big is the department?
How certain are you that John is coming?
How did John do it?
How do you operate this machine?
How fast is the program?
How long will it last?
How many dogs ran?
How many people did you see?
How many people died?
How many ran?
How many years did it take to do it?
How much bigger is the dog?
How much did you read?
How much do you swim?
How much money did you earn?
How much more oil did they spill?
How much more should we work on this?
How much more spilled?
How much oil spilled?
How quickly did Joe run?
I didn't think he would do it, but he did.
I don't have much money.
I don't have very much money.
I felt terrible after our discussion.
I finally figured out why this program is so slow.
If John was with Lisa last night, who went to the movie with Diane.
If you were a middle-class American without a job, who would you vote for.
I gave an expensive present.
I gave for his birthday an expensive present.
I gave her the present I bought for her.
I gave him an expensive present.
I gave him for his birthday a very expensive present.
I gave it.
I gave my brother an expensive present.
I have doubts about inviting him.
I hope he comes to the party tomorrow.
I hope that he comes to the party tomorrow.
I knew who would come to the party.
I left the party after seeing Ann there.
I live at 805 West Indiana Street.
I'll show you the house where I met your mother.
I made it clear that I was angry.
In January 1990, a historic new law was passed.
I really like the way you do your hair.
I saw her again a year and a half later.
I saw him telling her about the party.
I should have talked to you before inviting John.
I should have talked to you before the inviting of John.
It doesn't matter what Ted does.
It is biochemically an interesting experiment.
It is clear who killed Rod.
It is important to fix the problem.
It is likely that Rod died.
It is likely they will come.
I told him by telephone that I was coming by car.
I told Margaret on Tuesday that I thought she would probably be hired.
I've been grading these stupid exams all day.
I wondered for a long time why everyone liked her so much.
I wonder how big the department is.
I wonder how John did it.
I wonder how much money you earned.
I wonder how much you swim.
I wonder where John is.
I wonder whether we should go.
Joan Smith is president of the company.
John last week threw a great party.
John's family is renovating their kitchen.
John Stuart Mill is an important author.
Last week I saw a great movie.
Many people were angered by the hearings.
Mary, Joe and Louise are coming to the party.
Monday sounds good for the meeting.
My many female friends were angered by the hearings.
Our program is easier to use than to understand.
Phil gave me a sweater which he bought in Paris.
Playing the piano bothers John.
Republican policies only benefit the rich and powerful.
Republican policies only benefit the rich and the powerful.
She is apparently an excellent pianist.
She is very careful about her work.
She said she didn't approve of my behavior.
She works very carefully.
Some other costumes were really bad.
Such flowers are found mainly in Europe.
Teasing can be very cruel.
The 5 thousand invited by Bob attended.
The 5 thousand people invited by Bob attended.
The best costumes got prizes.
The best five costumes got prizes.
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ.
The Danes are nice people.
The dog which Chris bought is really ugly.
The earth must revolve around the sun, Copernicus reasoned.
The fact that he smiled at me gives me hope.
The five best costumes got prizes.
The former astronaut was alone and afraid.
The frequent sleeping of students is a big problem.
Their program is better than ours.
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton didn't actually kiss Monica.
The man we saw when we went to Paris is here.
The man with whom I play tennis is here.
The mystery of the Nixon tapes was never solved.
The new David Letterman is a happy, relaxed David Letterman.
The other five costumes got prizes.
The party last week was a big success.
The party that night was a big success.
The playing of the piano really bothers John.
The question is who we should invite.
There is a dog and a cat here.
There is a dog in the park.
There is a dog or a cat here.
There was an attempt to kill Rod.
There was a problem, but we solved it.
The Richard Milhous Nixon Library has been a big success.
The sky is blue, so it is likely that Joe will come.
The sleeping of students can ruin a lecture.
The sleeping of students is becoming a big problem.
The stupidity of the senators annoyed all my friends.
They're building a gigantic mall five miles from here.
The Zongle of Bongle Dongle resigned today.
This is my friend Bob.
Those that want to come can come.
Three quarters of a million people in this city have no health insurance.
Tomorrow might be a good time for the meeting.
We are from the planet Gorpon.
We picked out some beautiful flowers for her.
We picked them out for her.
We're thinking about going to a movie this evening.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
Whatever the outcome is, I'm sure he'll still be popular.
Where did you put the milk?
Whether we should go to the party is the important question.
Who did you play tennis with?
Who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
You are lucky I am here.
You are lucky that there is no exam today.
Your house and garden are very attractive.
You should be proud of your achievement.
2 million people attended.
5 thousand invited by Bob attended.
A big black ugly dog chased me.
About 2 million people attended.
A few million people attended.
Are John and I invited?
Because I didn't see Ann, I left.
But I really wanted to see her.
But why did you send him that nasty note.
Chinese is a wonderful language, Chinese food is nice, and the Chinese are nice people.
Formerly, he had worked for Brody, McGill & Demson.
Her career lasted almost thirty years.
How much further did you run?
How much more oil spilled?
How much more quickly did he run than Joe?
How much more quickly did you run?
I am ready and eager to go to the party.
I know you hate Bill, but why did you send him that nasty note.
I left, therefore I didn't see Ann.
I'm not sure the results are biochemically valid.
Included in our paper is a summary of the features of our program.
Is John or I invited?
Is the piece too easy for you?
It has been said that Schubert ran out of the room when he met Beethoven; but we now know this is untrue.
It may not be possible to fix the problem.
I told Margaret that I thought she would probably be hired.
It turns out that Clinton didn't actually kiss Monica.
I want her to know about it, but the telling won't be easy.
I went to the store and got a gallon of milk.
I went to the store, got a gallon of milk, and returned the eggs.
I wonder how fast a program he thinks it is.
I wonder how many people you saw.
I wonder how many years ago you did it.
I wonder how much oil spilled.
I wonder how much oil they spilled.
Many were angered by the hearings.
Metals futures prices rose in heavy trading today.
Oil company stock prices rose in heavy trading today.
Other costumes were really bad.
Our program works better than yours.
She knew one thing: that she would be a professional skater.
Some grammars are better than others, as we have proved.
The better the program is, the more people will like it.
The boys' bedrooms will be enlarged.
The dog and cats know what happened.
The dog that we eventually bought was very expensive.
The earth, Copernicus reasoned, must revolve around the sun.
The excitement over the trial is because he is extremely famous.
The man it is likely that John hit died.
The nearly 5 million people who attended enjoyed it.
This is because he is extremely famous.
U.S. economic indicators fell sharply last month.
We informed at the meeting the new employees.
We like to eat at restaurants, particularly on weekends.
We like to eat at restaurants, usually on weekends.
What did John say he thought you should do.
Which dog did you chase?
Alan bet me five dollars Clinton would lose the election.
A bunch of dogs is in the yard. 
</p>
