<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
Rama gave a book to Dasharat, the king of Ayodhya.
The party that night was a big success.
She asked me to guess her age.
I knew who would come to the party.
How quickly did Joe run?
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica.
The planet that we live on is of medium size.
I should have talked to you before inviting John. 
Who came first in the race?
It was cold there even in summer.
This sentence parses badly.
I say it is a damn shame that he left.
It struggled to force its body through that little hole.
We thank you all for coming this evening.
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ.
The best five costumes got prizes.
I wonder how much oil spilled.
Whether we should go to the party is the important question.
He says that you like to swim.
She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth.
The planet that we will live on will be of medium size.
How much more oil did they spill?
I gave her the present I bought for her.  
I saw her again a year and a half later.
It is clear who killed Rod.
The earth must revolve around the sun, Copernicus reasoned.
The 5 thousand people invited by Bob attended.
Economic indicators fell sharply last month.
Do not get wet in the rain. 
The Master said, if I did not go, how would you ever see?
As the Master grew old and infirm, the disciples begged him not to die.
I made it clear that I was angry.
It turns out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica.
How certain are you that John is coming.
" What are you doing?" she asked.
I want her to know about it, but the telling will not be easy.
He always bitches about Tanya.
I count the cars as they pass by the office.
The e-mail message which you sent finally arrived yesterday.  
In some countries wearing yashmak is compulsory for women.
The man we saw when we went to Paris is here.
Phil gave me a sweater which he bought in Paris.
He is always bitching about Tanya.
What are you doing?
Why is not linked with any word.
Why are you not doing your homework?
Passion is a must to reach your potential.
Passion is a must to excel and to reach your potential.
If you were a middle-class American without a job, who would you vote for.
Her heart beats fast.
I biked Johnson Creek.
Biking feels good.
Playing the piano bothers John.
How much more spilled.
If John was with Lisa last night , who went to the movie with Diane .
Mary quickly walked out of the room.
The 5 thousand invited by Bob attended.
She worked in a school for a while before joining the college.
The sun rises from the east and sets in the west.
I wonder how much money you earned.
</p>
