<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
He has been frequently coming.
Rama is beating a boy.
This is a sample sentence for Anusaraka.
A fat ugly boy had to eat fruits.
I will give up smoking.
They may have eaten fruits.
All are going to school.
He may drink milk or eat apples.
A fat ugly boy had to eat too many fruits to lose his weight.
Mohan fell from the top of the house.
We had wasted our journey.
He heard the sound of rain from the kitchen.
The landlord had to back down.
Passion is a must to reach your potential.
Rama gave a book to Mohan.
They would have to eat.
Running is good for health.
There was a red mark on the door .
The book was read by Meera .
What is the purpose of Dharma?
There was a marked difference in the prices of dishes .
Did you take your breakfast?
Do not waste electricity.
I will not do it .
He wasted his golden opportunity to play in the national team .
The blacksmith made an assay of iron ore .
He could hear a faint sound from the bushes .
I heard the sound of rain on the roof .
I went there with my mother .
The train left on time .
This job will not take much effort .
I do not go out as much now .
This is the way to go .
I waited for Seeta for hours .
He left in the morning.
I ate fruits , drank milk and slept .
The army studied the stills from the security video .
He lives at Chandinichok in Delhi in India .
But my efforts to win his heart have failed .
He is a brother of a rich person .
She is a wife of a rich person .
The boy saw a child.
I was sleeping in my room .
If you use that strategy , he will wipe you out .
I want to go there .
I can not afford to buy a house .
The painted doors look great .
He bought the published books for his library .
The game of life is played for winning .
The fruit is eaten by a parrot .
I got a book from the fat ugly boy .
The boy has a computer .
I asked him a question .
The professor decided to write a book .
The instructor persuaded Mary to take that course .
Mary promised the instructor to take that course .
Who translated the sentence for the student ?
We are waiting for Suresh .
She began singing .
I showed them how they should do it .
There is a book on the desk .
The donkey was loaded with the idol .
Be careful , she said .
I gave a book to him .
This is my first sentence.
They have social prestige .
Your claims are indefensible .
The wheels of the car began to turn .
Our team was easily beaten in the competition .
She carefully prepared the dinner.
There are many tissues of fat in our body.
The mystery of the Nixon tapes was never solved.
The five best costumes got prizes.
A million people attended .
The income tax proposal was rejected.
You are lucky I am here.
The former astronaut was alone and afraid.
A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
She is very careful about her work.
It is likely they will come.
Have you ever seen the Pacific ?
The new David Letterman is a happy, relaxed David Letterman.
I wonder how much you swim.
How many people did you see ?
Will I be going to the market ?
He told them about the accident immediately.
He made a mistake in inviting John.
Would there be a party today ?
Did you put the milk in the refrigerator ?
How many people were there ?
Rama gave a book to Dasharat, the king of Ayodhya .
These are children's books.
I live in New York City.
I live near the San Gabriel River.
There is a dog in the park.
Who's afraid of the big bad wolf ?
The Danes are nice people.
People use espresso to make other coffee drinks.
Espresso is a coffee drink.
The Zongle of Bongle Dongle resigned today.
I gave my brother an expensive present.
I gave an expensive present.
I gave him for his birthday a very expensive present .
Where are you coming from ?
Some other costumes were really bad.
Do you think we should go to the party ?
Where did you put the milk ?
All our sisters are coming. 
An insect bit me on the arm.
He wrote the biography of Tagore.
All his books are good.
He is working harder than usual.
He made a mistake in the inviting of John.
John is quite certainly a better choice.
Where were you coming from ?
Teddy will go home and study.
Petu ran fast but missed the bus.
There are three boys and four girls in the park.
You are lucky that there is no exam today.
Where did they go to?
The party that night was a big success.
Did they eat in the dark ?
Where did they come from ?
Where does she come from ?
I had to run fast to catch the bus.
I have doubts about inviting him.
You should be proud of your achievement.
The sky is blue, so it is likely that Joe will come.
He and I are friends.
Your house and garden are very attractive.
John Stuart Mill is an important author.
He lives high in the mountains.
It doesn't matter what Ted does.
Are a dog and a cat here ?
There is a dog and a cat here.
Where did the car come from?
Where do the words come from?
It was obvious that he'd do it.
He felt a deep shame.
He saw the broken window.
Broken windows need to be replaced.
Birds lay their eggs in the nest.
Mary's shoes are red.
She is always in a hurry.
He ladles it with a large wooden spoon.
There was a forest near the village.
She sold the house even though it was against his wishes.
Having finished the book, she went to school.
I had to guess to know the answer.
She rose from the table to welcome me.
However the user needs some training to use the software effectively.
I can guess his age.
I guess you are working very hard.
She asked me to guess her age.
Which one is right for me ?
He is more intelligent than John.
Jerry has more than five dollars.
John is less fat than Tom.
I have started working.
I knew who would come to the party.
He prays with me daily.
I felt terrible after our discussion.
He disputed that our program was superior.
The hat is too small for me.
He is a small man in eyes of his boss .
We camped on Nilgiri hills during summer.
The soldiers were called out for the war.
We ran after him , but he escaped .
We lost 30 minutes in the traffic jam .
I read about the train accident in today's paper.
He is a devoted husband and a father.
Sita is baking breads for breakfast.
Last week I saw a great movie.
Are you coming with us ?
The idol was a beautiful piece of excellent workmanship.
She is making the girl feed the child.
She made the girl feed the child.
The water came above our shoulder.
I told Jim a story.
I yelled at her for going to the party.
The girl who you called yesterday has arrived.
The boy you called yesterday has arrived.
The snake who swallowed the rat hissed loudly.
The dog who chased me was black.
The book I was reading is wonderful.
The Richard Milhous Nixon Library has been a big success .
John's family is renovating their kitchen.
The dog which Chris bought is really ugly.
How do you operate this machine ?
How quickly did Joe run ?
He is looking for another job .
This computer is relatively more expensive.
He is a well known scientist.
But where will you get them from.
The snake the mongoose attacked hissed loudly.
The dogs who I chased were black.
Are you afraid of spiders ?
I didn't think he would do it, but he did.
By going there you can earn more money.
Is that the film in which he kills his mother.
Of her childhood we know very little.
From your description, I don't think I would enjoy it.
He has lost his confidence.
She took out water from a deep well .
Do not disturb the sleeping kids .
We went to Paris on Sarah's advice .
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton didn't actually kiss Monica.
I finally figured out why this program is so slow .
Each one of them recorded the narratives from twenty participants .
The planet that we live on is of medium size .
They were discussing their hopes and dreams .
She was afraid for her children . 
The students enjoyed taking that course .
She will bind the ribbon .
Delhi is my birth place .
She gave birth to twins .
He got all the advantages of his birth .
John screamed from inside the house .
Did you ask the price ?
May I ask you a question ?
He bought a book of stamps .
I should have talked to you before inviting John .
Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from ?
When we want to hear a music programme on the radio , we have to tune the radio to the correct station . 
She is having her children cook dinner for her .
The old woman was sitting in a chair .
The boy who came yesterday from Delhi is my friend .
The policeman took him to the police station .
The groups of frogs were traveling through the woods , and two of them fell into a deep pit .
It is likely that Rod died.
He is known as the Einstein of India . 
I will keep on trying .
These shoes that I bought will look nice with that hat .
They divided the money up among the children .
Discuss it among yourselves first .
It  plunged first its nose into the river .
I will finish my work first .
Who came first in the race ?
It was cold there even in summer .
There was an attempt to kill Rod .
Even a child can understand it .
She is even more intelligent than her sister .
The recent advertising campaign has had a marked effect on sales .
We should help the poor.
He told me why he was here and what he was doing .
He left all his money to the orphanage .
I want to have this and I want to have that .
I saw him telling her about the party .
I made him make some changes in the program .
Terrorists treat people very badly .
This sentence parses badly .
He is being hired by another company .
We picked them out for her .
We picked out some beautiful flowers for her .
Biking is good for health .
I am afraid that I have badly hurt him . 
She was singing me a song.
He will sing you good night.
Dick is important to fix the problem . 
Decorate the car with fresh flowers .
Anne told me I would almost certainly be hired .
The shadow travels with the sun .
The labour was with the Union leader on this issue .
I hope he comes to the party tomorrow .
I say it is a damn shame that he left .
He would play a football match against his former champions . 
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday .
I was told the whole story by Maybeline .
Does this shirt match these trousers ?
She is full of bright ideas . 
I thought it is right to resign .
It is not a good idea to drive for hours without a rest . 
His aim was to become president .
We have very different ideas about disciplining children .
It is not a good manner to eat alone . 
He took the most convenient seat . 
Do not forget to take your tiffin . 
He made negative comments to the press .
The official refused to comment on the matter . 
I suppose his criticism was fair comment . 
They seem to resemble each other .
He had not seen him since that graduation day . 
He had seen me in the garden last night . 
The role of a teacher is to guide a student towards knowledge . 
My brother guided me in my work.
He was awarded for his courage .
It struggled to force its body through that little hole . 
She is a great fan of Lata . 
He was a football fan . 
He was an exotic creature with short red hair and brilliant green eyes . 
A warm breeze fanned her cheeks . 
These smugglers are to be captured . 
It did not resemble any living creature . 
I saw you put the key in your pocket . 
Guess who I saw at the party last night ! 
I have been invited to head the department .
We thank you all for coming this evening .
He was awakened at dawn by the sound of crying .
I'm afraid you have completely misunderstood the question .
She awakened to the sound of birds' singing .
</p>
<p>
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ .
Last Tuesday was really fun . 
This is my friend Bob .
We ate at Joe's Diner last week .
I saw her again a year and a half later .
How did John do it ?
The punch caught him in the stomach .
It is clear who killed Rod .
If John was with Lisa last night , who went to the movie with Diane .
I am quite excited about next week .
We are from the planet Gorpon.
Those that want to come can come.
The best five costumes got prizes .
We're thinking about going to a movie this evening.
The party last week was a big success.
I wonder how John did it.
How many years did it take to do it ?
I wonder how much oil spilled.
Whatever the outcome is, I'm sure he'll still be popular.
The man we saw when we went to Paris is here.
She is apparently an excellent pianist .
Are John or I invited ?
There is a dog or a cat here.
It is important to fix the problem.
I hope that he comes to the party tomorrow .
I told Margaret on Tuesday that I thought she would probably be hired .
I told him by telephone that I was coming by car .
I met him last in a market-place.
He spoke last on this issue .
Whether we should go to the party is the important question .
I should have talked to you before the inviting of John .
He was sitting next to Mohan's brother .
High income taxes are important .
An income tax increase may be necessary .
The sleeping of students can ruin a lecture .
The sleeping of students is becoming a big problem .
Joan Smith is the president of the company .
The explosion damaged his hearing .
Many people were angered by the hearings.
I am in New York and I would like to see you .
I bought a golden bangle for my mother .
The mother calmed the angry son .
Let us go to the market .
Let her go to the market .
He deals fairly with his employees .
Everyone should maintain peace on the earth .
It's true that you are my friend but I can't go along with you on this issue.
There is a heap of garbage near the house .
If we heat iron it becomes red .
John is more intelligent than Tom .
He says that you like to swim .
The sparrow made a beautiful nest .
Do not neglect your duties .
There is a ghost in the room .
The man has been killed by the police . 
Sam , my brother is coming . 
The parents documented every step of their child's development .
I saw the man who you love .
Drink plenty of water to keep good health .
I went there to buy a book .
They bought some imitation jewelry . 
The chief guest gave a welcome address . 
The whole village was washed away by the floods .
She is waiting for her turn .
She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth . 
I asked my friend to xerox the notes . 
She is too young for marriage .
It was so dark that I could not see anything . 
The government took serious steps to check the dacoits .
You must outline the important sentences with a marker .
He opened a conversation on the issue of animal rights .
They threw him in the swimming pool .
The goldsmith gave an overlay of gold over the silver vessel .
The thief escaped through the open gate .
The land was zoned for industrial purposes . 
The child is weeping for his mother .
There is a well near the tree .
She worked in a school for a while before joining the college .
They used force to open the jammed door .
He's always looking at himself in the mirror .
The question is who we should invite .
Political interference in defence matters is highly undesirable .
The company made him a tempting offer of a high salary .
Food must be heated to a high temperature to kill harmful bacteria .
Her parents were killed in a plane crash . 
Do it the way you've always done it.
The missiles were zeroed in on the enemy camps .
I really like the way you do your hair .
The jet zoomed across the sky .
How much money did you earn ?
How much do you swim ?
How much did you read ?
Abrams does like programming .
In January 1990 , a historic new law was passed . 
Danish is a wonderful language , Danish food is great , and the Danish are nice people .
He is a great sports fan .
John last week threw a great party .
Sun rises from the east .
I live at 805 West Indiana Street.
Teasing can be very cruel .
</p>
<p>
It was a completely wasted journey .
The planet that we will live on will be of medium size .
I don't have very much money.
Education is very important for every child . 
Dalai Lama is the abbot of the Tibetian monastery .
There is abject poverty in India .
A policeman is abasing a good businessman .
Abandoned children are kept in orphanages .
The frequent sleeping of students is a big problem .
Some people take a lot of time to acclimatize themselves to the new environment . 
I heard a yelp from the hostel last night .
In some countries wearing yashmak is compulsory for women .
The sky is wreathed with clouds .
Some schools do not give weightage to extracurricular activities .
The Inspector made an accidental inspection of the school .
The priest granted absolution for John's sins .
There are abundant natural resources in our country .
Some fruit juices are very acidic .
I hate her abominable behaviour .
Do not smoke at the public places .
They're building a gigantic mall five miles from here.
How much more oil did they spill ?
I wondered for a long time why everyone liked her so much.
Beautiful paintings adorned the walls of the palace.
Criminal charges will be brought against the driver .
The leopard seizes its kill and begins to eat . 
The dog went into its house . 
The fact that he smiled at me gives me hope .
Take the book from the last rack . 
Their daughter took the first prize in the race .
We caught the last bus for home .
The last part of the course was hard because I was running against the wind .
The school admits only 50 students at a time .
When Mrs . Chitnis discovered that her husband was an adulterer she divorced him .
His bed was next to the room's only window .
Cancer and heart disease are the UK's biggest killers .
As had been expected, the party was a big success.
The camels can adjust their body temperature according to the external temperature .
He commented that the two essays were rather similar . 
Can we open a second browser window .
The e-mail message which you sent finally arrived yesterday .
On hearing the news of his father's death Sachin returned back to India .
Who did you play tennis with ?
Buying of shares was brisk on Wall Street today .
The dogs and cats know what happened . 
The playing of the piano really bothers John .
Certain phenomena can be approached better by certain techniques.
Police is still hoping to find the dead woman's killer .
Many people can speak but only a few can act .
Three quarters of a million people in this city have no health insurance.
I wonder how much money you earned .
How much more should we work on this ?
As I suspected, he had already left .
I gave her the present I bought for her .
The other five costumes got prizes.
I wonder where John is.
Phil gave me a sweater which he bought in Paris.
Clinton announced on Tuesday a bold new proposal.
She said she didn't approve of my behavior.
I left the party after seeing Ann there . 
The earth must revolve around the sun , Copernicus reasoned .
Actress Whoopi Goldberg and singer Michael Jackson attended the ceremony .
Please acquaint me with the facts of the case .
Failure to comply may result in dismissal .
She was asked about the pay increase but made no comment .
Do you think these two colours match ?
Her hard work and talent will take her to the top .
If you know who did it , you should tell the teacher .
She decided to search her biological mother .
The 5 thousand people invited by Bob attended .
Economic indicators fell sharply last month .
Monday sounds good for the meeting.
I've been grading these stupid exams all day.
My many female friends were angered by the hearings.
Republican policies only benefit the rich and the powerful.
The stupidity of the senators annoyed all my friends.
Such flowers are found mainly in Europe .
Their program is better than ours.
My three sisters are coming next week .
I'm quite excited about next week.
I'm not sure that the results are biochemically valid . 
John took the bus because his car was in the shop . 
There was a problem, but we solved it.
Tomorrow might be a good time for the meeting.
The place where you are staying is very congested .
I'll show you the house where I met your mother.
I wonder whether we should go.
We now know that there are two thousand elements which we can not use to make a good light bulb .
Passion is a must to excel and to reach your potential .
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain .
Grace may not be possible to fix the problem . 
He lives in a narrow lane off the main road .
The yield of kharif crops was not good this season .
He was not in when I got there , so it was a completely wasted journey .
Do not get wet in the rain .
Come to our place when you feel like it .
The old man had to walk a long way to catch the bus .
The Master said, if I did not go , how would you ever see ?
I wonder how big the department is .
As the Master grew old and infirm, the disciples begged him not to die .
</p>
<p>
He was convicted under an obscure 1990 law . 
I made it clear that I was angry .
The girl running to the shop is my friend .
How much bigger is the dog ?
He told them about the accident, presumably .
The man with whom I play tennis is here .
It turns out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica .
How fast is the program .
How certain are you that John is coming .
How long will it last ?
How many girls are there ?
"What are you doing?" she asked.
It is biochemically an interesting experiment .
He is apparently an expert on dogs .
If you were a middle-class American without a job , who would you vote for .
Prices have tended downwards over recent years .
The doctor is tending the injured .
I challenge anyone here to race with me .
He came from inside the room .
Mary , Joe and Louise are coming to the party .
The position we talked about is gone . 
Our program is easier to use than to understand . 
Lead and tin are malleable metals .
He always bitches about Tanya .
I count the cars as they pass by the office .
He gave up his lucrative law practice for the sake of the country .
She is an excellent student with a bright future . 
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken . 
His boyhood was spent in utter poverty . 
He wanted to talk to his boss . 
The upper middle-class tend to go into business . 
He was the first Asian scientist to win the Nobel Prize .
Go straight and take a right turn . 
To the people of India he is the symbol of mature wisdom .
Keep on the right side of the road .
I enclose three documents herewith .
Please enclose a curriculum vitae with your letter of application .
The park that encloses the monument has recently been enlarged .
He never really recovered from the shock of his wife's death .
And 21 could stand for the 21 cm radio frequency of hydrogen in space .
Were you aware that something was wrong ? 
He was well aware of the problem . 
As you are aware , this is not a new problem . 
Was it a message from some intelligent beings in outer space ? 
Did it all go according to the plan ? 
Events of this type rarely go according to the plan . 
He works according to my instructions . 
The blacksmith hammered the metal flat . 
Once there were three trees on a hill in the woods .
She has gone for a walk in the woods .
These are some of my early attempts at sculpture . 
Since I know English , he spoke to me . 
I do not know if he came . 
Mysore is also known as the city of palaces .
Kufri is a small hill station near shimla .
She hurt her arm in the fall and lost the use of her fingers temporarily . 
The letter was clearly the product of a twisted mind .
The path has many twists and turns . 
He studiously avoided answering the question.
Invention of currency was done mainly for transaction.
Take off the football from the table.
The purpose of this note is to give simple sentences for translation.
Suman and Sarika live next to each other.
Galelio was the first scentist to claim that the earth moves around the sun.
The journey takes about three hours.
They can both run equally fast.
Why are they sitting around the fire?
Did you send a birthday card to Sheela?
Cats sleep by day and hunt by night.
My father fought in the last war.
My father allows me money for books.
My car broke down when I reached Lalitpur.
Perhaps he will attend the meeting.
Shall I help you to carry the luggage?
How shall we collect the money?
He ordered that all the schools should be closed.
He must get up early in the morning.
He does not dare to ignore me.
He thought that she may have missed the train.
The law does not allow us to do it.
It is night and the moon is shining in the sky.
I have never played golf in my life.
The little ones are hopping and jumping merrily.
I have never seen such a horrible scene.
The swimmer swam across the river.
There was a football match in the school yesterday.
He is bold, but he is not practical.
Either go to bed or open your book to read.
He neither plays, nor reads.
Since I know English, he spoke to me.
He will not come because he is busy.
They told me that the teacher was absent that day.
Shivaji was one of the most powerful rulers in 1600.
He was imprisoned in 1945 for the brutal murder of a sixty year old man. 
These cuts in services will particularly affect the old. 
</p>
