11-01 sentences.
The world has an astonishing variety of materials and a bewildering diversity of life and behavior.
The curiosity to learn about the world, unravelling the secrets of nature is the first step towards the discovery of science.
Science is ever dynamic.
We can broadly describe physics as a study of the basic laws of nature and their manifestation in different natural phenomena.
The scope of physics is described briefly in the next section.
In Physics, we attempt to explain diverse physical phenomena in terms of a few concepts and laws.
The attempts to unify fundamental forces of nature (section 1.4) reflect this same quest for unification.
For example, the subject of thermodynamics, developed in the nineteenth century, deals with bulk systems in terms of macroscopic quantities such as temperature, internal energy, entropy, etc.
Basically, there are two domains of interest: macroscopic and microscopic.
The macroscopic domain includes phenomena at the laboratory, terrestrial and astronomical scales.
The microscopic domain includes atomic, molecular and nuclear phenomena.
The efficiency of heat engines and refrigerators, the direction of a physical or chemical process, etc., are problems of interest in thermodynamics.
You can now see that the scope of physics is truly vast.
It covers a tremendous range of magnitude of physical quantities like length, mass, time, energy, etc.
Terrestrial phenomena lie somewhere in the middle of this range.
Physics is exciting in many ways.
Great progress usually accompanies changes in our basic perceptions.
Most observed phenomena in daily life are rather complicated manifestations of the basic laws.
The applications of physics are not always easy to foresee.
You will appreciate from this table the multi-cultural, international character of the scientific endeavor.
The progress of science is unstoppable!
Physics is the study of nature and natural phenomena.
Physicists try to discover the rules that are operating in nature, on the basis of observations, experimentation and analysis.
What is the nature of physical laws?
We shall now discuss the nature of fundamental forces and the laws that govern the diverse phenomena of the physical world.
We all have an intuitive notion of force.
He also gave an explicit form for the force for gravitational attraction between two bodies.
There are also forces involving charged and magnetic bodies.
The origin of these derived forces is, however, very complex.
At the present stage of our understanding, we know of four fundamental forces in nature, which are described in brief here.
The gravitational force is the force of mutual attraction between any two objects by virtue of their masses.
It is a universal force.
Every object experiences this force due to every other object in the universe.
Since the electromagnetic force is so much stronger than the gravitational force, it dominates all phenomena at atomic and molecular scales.
The other two forces, as we shall see, operate only at nuclear scales.
Thus it is mainly the electromagnetic force that governs the structure of atoms and molecules, the dynamics of chemical reactions and the mechanical, thermal and other properties of materials.
Matter is mostly electrically neutral (net charge is zero).
The strong nuclear force binds protons and neutrons in a nucleus.
The electron, it must be noted, does not experience this force.
The weak nuclear force appears only in certain nuclear processes such as the β-decay of a nucleus.
In β-decay, the nucleus emits an electron and an uncharged particle called neutrino.
Great advances in physics often amount to unification of different theories and domains.
Newton unified terrestrial and celestial domains under a common law of gravitation.
The experimental discoveries of Oersted and Faraday showed that electric and magnetic phenomena are in general inseparable.
Maxwell unified electromagnetism and optics with the discovery that light is an electromagnetic wave.
Physicists explore the universe.
In addition to finding the facts by observation and experimentation, physicists attempt to discover the laws that summarise (often as mathematical equations) these facts.
In any physical phenomenon governed by different forces, several quantities may change with time.
They are the conserved quantities of nature.
The familiar example is the free fall of an object under gravity.
The general law of energy conservation, however, is still applicable.
The law of conservation of energy is thought to be valid across all domains of nature, from the microscopic to the macroscopic.
At the other end, all kinds of violent phenomena occur in the universe all the time.
A chemical reaction is basically a rearrangement of atoms among different molecules.
This is the energy which is released in a nuclear power generation and nuclear explosions.
Energy is a scalar quantity.
These laws can be derived from Newton's laws of motion in mechanics.
Besides their great simplicity and generality, the conservation laws of nature are very useful in practice too.
For example, an important observation is that the laws of nature do not change with time.
Symmetries of space and time and other abstract symmetries play a central role in modern theories of fundamental forces in nature.
Eleven zero five (11-05) sentences.
Likewise, an external force is needed also to retard or stop motion. 
In these examples, the external agency of force (hands, wind, stream, etc) is in contact with the object.
The question posed above appears to be simple.
This experience is common to most terrestrial motion.
Galileo studied motion of objects on an inclined plane.
In other words, its motion never ceases.
This is, of course, an idealised situation.
This property of the body is called inertia.
Inertia means 'resistance to change'.
A new mechanics had to be developed.
Two kinds of situations are encountered in the application of this law in practice.
In some examples, we know that the net external force on the object is zero.
Gravity is everywhere.
We observe the book to be at rest.
This is incorrect reasoning.
This must happen due to a net external force.
The acceleration of the car can not be accounted for by any internal force.
But our body is not strictly a rigid body.
It is deformable, i.e. it allows some relative displacement between different parts.
Relative to the bus, therefore, we are thrown backward.
But the rest of the body continues to move forward due to inertia.
By the first law of motion the acceleration of the astronaut is zero.
The mass of a body is thus an important parameter that determines the effect of force on its motion.
Thus the same force for the same time causes the same change in momentum for different bodies.
In the preceding observations, the vector character of momentum has not been evident.
But this is not always the case.
A force is needed to cause this change in momentum vector.
This corresponds to greater acceleration or equivalently a greater rate of change in momentum vector.
2. The second law of motion is a vector law.
The component of velocity normal to the force remains unchanged.
For example, in the motion of a projectile under the vertical gravitational force, the horizontal component of velocity remains unchanged.
More precisely, a is the acceleration of the center of mass of the system.
Any internal forces in the system are not to be included in F.
Often, in these situations, the force and the time duration are difficult to ascertain separately.
This product is called impulse.
Newtonian mechanics has no such distinction.
What is the origin of the external force on the body?
What agency provides the external force?
Consider a pair of bodies A and B.
Does the stone exert a force on the earth?
Force is the mutual interaction between two bodies.
Forces always occur in pairs.
This idea was expressed by Newton in the form of the third law of motion.
Forces always occur in pairs.
Consider a pair of bodies A and B.
According to the third law.
Internal forces in a body or a system of particles thus cancel away in pairs.
How to find the force on the wall?
Impulse and force are in the same direction.
An important example of the application of the law of conservation of momentum is the collision of two bodies.
The result can be generalised to any number of forces.
In mechanics, we encounter several kinds of forces.
The gravitational force is, of course, all pervasive.
Gravity also governs the motion of celestial bodies.
The gravitational force can act at a distance without the need of any intervening medium.
The component parallel to the surfaces in contact is called friction.
The viscous force, air resistance, etc are also examples of contact forces.
Two other common forces are tension in a string and the force due to spring.
When a spring is compressed or extended by an external force, a restoring force is generated.
This force is usually proportional to the compression or elongation (for small displacements).
For an inextensible string, the force constant is very high.
The restoring force in a string is called tension.
Of these, the weak and strong forces appear in domains that do not concern us here.
Static friction opposes impending motion.
Static friction provides the same acceleration to the box as that of the train, keeping it stationary relative to the train.
In many practical situations, however, friction is critically needed.
It is impossible for a car to move on a very slippery road.
Three forces act on the car.
You should now be able to handle a large variety of problems in mechanics.
11-03 sentences.
We see leaves falling from trees and water flowing down a dam.
Automobiles and planes carry people from one place to the other.
How does the position change with time?
In this chapter, we shall learn how to describe motion.
For this, we develop the concepts of velocity and acceleration.
Finally, to understand the relative nature of motion, we introduce the concept of relative velocity.
In order to specify position, we need to use a reference point and a set of axes.
To measure time, we position a clock in this system.
For example, for describing motion in one dimension, we need only one axis.
Following this convention, the position coordinates of point P and Q in Fig. 3.1 are +360 m and +240 m.
Consider two cases of motion.
In the first case, the car moves from O to P.
Then the distance moved by the car is OP = +360 m.
Displacement has both magnitude and direction.
Such quantities are represented by vectors.
You will read about vectors in the next chapter.
Similarly, the displacement of the car from P to Q is 240 m — 360 m = — 120 m.
The negative sign indicates the direction of displacement.
In this case, the magnitude of displacement (360 m) is equal to the path length (360 m).
Fig. 3.2 (b) shows the position-time graph of such a motion.
The average velocity can be positive or negative depending upon the sign of the displacement.
The velocity of an object, in general, changes during its course of motion.
This was a problem even in Galileo's time.
It is the average change of velocity per unit time.
Like velocity, acceleration can also be positive, negative or zero.
Its velocity-time graph is as shown in Fig. 3.11.
How come in this case an area is equal to a distance?
Think!
Changes are always continuous.
Free fall is thus a case of motion with uniform acceleration.
The variation of acceleration, velocity, and distance, with time have been plotted in Fig. 3.14(a),(b) and (c).
To understand such observations, we now introduce the concept of relative velocity.
