<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
Similarly, static friction is important in daily life.
Automobiles and planes carry people from one place to the other.
Consider two cases of motion.
In the second case, the car moves from O to P and then moves back from P to Q.
The magnitude of the displacement for a course of motion may be zero but the corresponding path length is not zero.
The symbol ∑ (the Greek letter sigma) denotes summation, in this case over n particles.
We shall, in the present chapter, consider rotational motion about a fixed axis only.
The earth rotates once every twenty-four hours and revolves round the sun once in a year.
In a good number of situations in real-life, the size of objects can be neglected and they can be considered as point-like objects without much error.
We now know that color is associated with wavelength of light.
Where P is the net power of the lens combination.
In silica glass fibers, it is possible to transmit more than 95 % of the light over a fiber length of 1 km.
A standard 100 watt incadescent light bulb emits approximately 1700 lumens.
There are two things that we can intuitively mention about light from common experience.
Only the component perpendicular to the surface, i.e., the normal component of the momentum, gets reversed in reflection.
In Kinematics, we study ways to describe motion without going into the causes of motion.
Motion of an object can be represented by a position-time graph as you have already learned about it.
To describe this, we define the quantity average velocity.
We have seen earlier that the magnitude of displacement may be different from the actual path length.
Thus, in this case the average speed is equal to the magnitude of the average velocity.
Thus, in this case the average speed is not equal to the magnitude of the average velocity.
For this, we define instantaneous velocity or simply velocity v at an instant t.
Instantaneous speed or simply speed is the magnitude of velocity.
How to describe this change?
Like velocity, acceleration can also be positive, negative or zero.
Equation (3.7) can also be written as.
In this case, the magnitude of displacement (360 m) is equal to the path length (360 m).
Thus, the stopping distance is proportional to the square of the initial velocity.
It is a common observation that a ball bouncing from a smooth plane surface obeys the laws of reflection.
In this situation, as you will learn in Chapter 10, a light wave can be considered to travel from one point to another, along a straight line joining them.
First, that it travels with enormous speed and second, that it travels in a straight line.
An incoming wave can be divided into two weaker waves at the boundary between air and water.
The early civilisations of Egypt, India, China, Greece, Mesopotamia and many others made vital contributions to its progress.
From the sixteenth century onwards, great strides were made in science in Europe.
This approach is called reductionism and is at the heart of physics.
In our experience, force is needed to push, carry or throw objects, deform or break them.
Early thinkers like Aristotle had wrong ideas about it.
It is enormously strong compared to gravity.
Thus it is mainly the electromagnetic force that governs the structure of atoms and molecules, the dynamics of chemical reactions and the mechanical, thermal and other properties of materials.
This is almost inevitable with ladies garments like a polyester saree.
You can perform the following activity at home to experience such an effect.
A dramatic observation is that a pith ball touched with glass rod attracts another pith ball touched with plastic rod (Fig. 1.1 (f)).
This might have been the philosophy in naming the charges as positive and negative.
Ampere and Faraday supported this observation by saying that electric charges in motion produce magnetic fields and moving magnets generate electricity.
However, the glass rod and wool attracted each other.
We know that when we add a positive number to a negative number of the same magnitude, the sum is zero.
This forms the leaves of your electroscope.
The separation is a rough measure of the amount of charge on the electroscope.
Fold the strips into half so that you make a mark of fold.
The same effect is seen in the leaf electroscope.
The scientific method involves several interconnected steps: Systematic observations, controlled experiments, qualitative and quantitative reasoning, mathematical modelling, prediction and verification or falsification of theories.
The interplay of theory and observation (or experiment) is basic to the progress of science.
The effort is to see the physical world as manifestation of some universal laws in different domains and conditions.
A related effort is to derive the properties of a bigger, more complex, system from the properties and interactions of its constituent simpler parts.
Basically, there are two domains of interest: macroscopic and microscopic.
The microscopic domain includes atomic, molecular and nuclear phenomena.
Classical Physics deals mainly with macroscopic phenomena and includes subjects like Mechanics, Electrodynamics, Optics and Thermodynamics.
Mechanics founded on Newton’s laws of motion and the law of gravitation is concerned with the motion (or equilibrium) of particles, rigid and deformable bodies, and general systems of particles.
</p>
