<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
It is impossible for a car to move on a very slippery road.
In many practical situations, however, friction is critically needed.
Displacement has both magnitude and direction. 
How does the position change with time? 
In this chapter, we shall learn how to describe motion.
For this, we develop the concepts of velocity and acceleration.
Finally, to understand the relative nature of motion, we introduce the concept of relative velocity.
The speed of light in vacuum is the highest speed attainable in nature.
He made pioneering contributions in the field of optics.
In these examples, the external agency of force (hands, wind, stream, etc) is in contact with the object.
You should now be able to handle a large variety of problems in mechanics.
This is the energy which is released in a nuclear power generation and nuclear explosions.
Energy is a scalar quantity.
These laws can be derived from Newton's laws of motion in mechanics.
The reflected ray follows laws of reflection.
We now apply the sign convention.
Hence, all the three will have negative signs.
We are familiar with the laws of reflection. 
Terrestrial phenomena lie somewhere in the middle of this range.
Physics is exciting in many ways.
Great progress usually accompanies changes in our basic perceptions.
We shall discuss uniform circular motion in some detail.
The length of each side is a scalar and the perimeter is also a scalar.
What is a vector?
An arrow is marked at the head of this line.
Physics is the study of nature and natural phenomena.
What is the nature of physical laws?
The macroscopic domain includes phenomena at the laboratory, terrestrial and astronomical scales.
By the first law of motion the acceleration of the astronaut is zero.
The mass of a body is thus an important parameter that determines the effect of force on its motion.
Using the basic laws of reflection and refraction, we shall study the image formation by plane and spherical reflecting and refracting surfaces.
What is the physical meaning of a zero vector?
The curiosity to learn about the world, unravelling the secrets of nature is the first step towards the discovery of science.
Science is ever dynamic.
The scope of physics is described briefly in the next section.
The efficiency of heat engines and refrigerators, the direction of a physical or chemical process, etc., are problems of interest in thermodynamics.
He also gave an explicit form for the force for gravitational attraction between two bodies.
The origin of these derived forces is, however, very complex.
It is a universal force.
We all have an intuitive notion of force.
Since the electromagnetic force is so much stronger than the gravitational force, it dominates all phenomena at atomic and molecular scales.
Matter is mostly electrically neutral (net charge is zero).
Physicists explore the universe.
In any physical phenomenon governed by different forces, several quantities may change with time.
The general law of energy conservation, however, is still applicable.
To measure time, we position a clock in this system.
You will read about vectors in the next chapter.
The negative sign indicates the direction of displacement.
Instead of visible light, we can use an electron beam.
A simple method for estimating the molecular size of oleic acid is given below. 
Mass is a basic property of matter.
In principle they provide portable standard.
Such standards are available in many laboratories.
Measurement is the foundation of all experimental science and technology.
This uncertainty is called error.
Hence clock 2 is to be preferred to clock 1.
For this, we use the following procedure.
As discussed above, every measurement involves errors. 
All these numbers have the same number of significant figures (digits 2, 3, 0, 8), namely four.
In the preceding observations, the vector character of momentum has not been evident.
We see leaves falling from trees and water flowing down a dam.  
Obviously, these tables are not exhaustive.
Physicists try to discover the rules that are operating in nature, on the basis of observations, experimentation and analysis.
We shall now discuss the nature of fundamental forces and the laws that govern the diverse phenomena of the physical world.
We shall learn these matters in subsequent chapters.
At the present stage of our understanding, we know of four fundamental forces in nature, which are described in brief here.
Every object experiences this force due to every other object in the universe.
The strong nuclear force binds protons and neutrons in a nucleus.
The electron, it must be noted, does not experience this force.
Maxwell unified electromagnetism and optics with the discovery that light is an electromagnetic wave.
They are the conserved quantities of nature.
The familiar example is the free fall of an object under gravity.
At the other end, all kinds of violent phenomena occur in the universe all the time.
Besides their great simplicity and generality, the conservation laws of nature are very useful in practice too.
The conservation laws of charge and other attributes of elementary particles can also be related to certain abstract symmetries.
</p>
