<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
It is impossible for a car to move on a very slippery road.
In many practical situations, however, friction is critically needed.
Displacement has both magnitude and direction. 
How does the position change with time? 
In this chapter, we shall learn how to describe motion.
For this, we develop the concepts of velocity and acceleration.
Finally, to understand the relative nature of motion, we introduce the concept of relative velocity.
The speed of light in vacuum is the highest speed attainable in nature.
He made pioneering contributions in the field of optics.
In these examples, the external agency of force (hands, wind, stream, etc) is in contact with the object.
You should now be able to handle a large variety of problems in mechanics.
This is the energy which is released in a nuclear power generation and nuclear explosions.
Energy is a scalar quantity.
These laws can be derived from Newton's laws of motion in mechanics.
The reflected ray follows laws of reflection.
We now apply the sign convention.
Hence, all the three will have negative signs.
We are familiar with the laws of reflection. 
Terrestrial phenomena lie somewhere in the middle of this range.
Physics is exciting in many ways.
Great progress usually accompanies changes in our basic perceptions.
We shall discuss uniform circular motion in some detail.
The length of each side is a scalar and the perimeter is also a scalar.
What is a vector?
An arrow is marked at the head of this line.
Physics is the study of nature and natural phenomena.
What is the nature of physical laws?
The macroscopic domain includes phenomena at the laboratory, terrestrial and astronomical scales.
By the first law of motion the acceleration of the astronaut is zero.
The mass of a body is thus an important parameter that determines the effect of force on its motion.
Using the basic laws of reflection and refraction, we shall study the image formation by plane and spherical reflecting and refracting surfaces.
What is the physical meaning of a zero vector?
The curiosity to learn about the world, unravelling the secrets of nature is the first step towards the discovery of science.
Science is ever dynamic.
The scope of physics is described briefly in the next section.
The efficiency of heat engines and refrigerators, the direction of a physical or chemical process, etc., are problems of interest in thermodynamics.
He also gave an explicit form for the force for gravitational attraction between two bodies.
The origin of these derived forces is, however, very complex.
It is a universal force.
We all have an intuitive notion of force.
Since the electromagnetic force is so much stronger than the gravitational force, it dominates all phenomena at atomic and molecular scales.
Matter is mostly electrically neutral (net charge is zero).
Physicists explore the universe.
In any physical phenomenon governed by different forces, several quantities may change with time.
The general law of energy conservation, however, is still applicable.
To measure time, we position a clock in this system.
You will read about vectors in the next chapter.
The negative sign indicates the direction of displacement.
Instead of visible light, we can use an electron beam.
A simple method for estimating the molecular size of oleic acid is given below. 
Mass is a basic property of matter.
In principle they provide portable standard.
Such standards are available in many laboratories.
Measurement is the foundation of all experimental science and technology.
This uncertainty is called error.
Hence clock 2 is to be preferred to clock 1.
For this, we use the following procedure.
As discussed above, every measurement involves errors. 
All these numbers have the same number of significant figures (digits 2, 3, 0, 8), namely four.
In the preceding observations, the vector character of momentum has not been evident.
We see leaves falling from trees and water flowing down a dam.  
Obviously, these tables are not exhaustive.
Physicists try to discover the rules that are operating in nature, on the basis of observations, experimentation and analysis.
We shall now discuss the nature of fundamental forces and the laws that govern the diverse phenomena of the physical world.
We shall learn these matters in subsequent chapters.
At the present stage of our understanding, we know of four fundamental forces in nature, which are described in brief here.
Every object experiences this force due to every other object in the universe.
The strong nuclear force binds protons and neutrons in a nucleus.
The electron, it must be noted, does not experience this force.
They are the conserved quantities of nature.
The familiar example is the free fall of an object under gravity.
At the other end, all kinds of violent phenomena occur in the universe all the time.
Besides their great simplicity and generality, the conservation laws of nature are very useful in practice too.
The conservation laws of charge and other attributes of elementary particles can also be related to certain abstract symmetries.
For the case of rectilinear motion with uniform acceleration, a set of simple equations can be obtained.
In order to specify position, we need to use a reference point and a set of axes.
The point of intersection of these three axes is called origin (O) and serves as the reference point.
The coordinates (x, y, z) of an object describe the position of the object with respect to this coordinate system.
For example, for describing motion in one dimension, we need only one axis.
In the first case, the car moves from O to P.
This distance is called the path length traversed by the car.
Such quantities are represented by vectors.
Thus, it is not necessary to use vector notation for discussing motion of objects in one-dimension.
When an object is in motion, its position changes with time.
The average velocity can be positive or negative depending upon the sign of the displacement.
It is the average change of velocity per unit time.
Changes are always continuous.
Free fall is thus a case of motion with uniform acceleration.
To understand such observations, we now introduce the concept of relative velocity.
A radium nucleus disintegrates into a nucleus of radon and an alpha particle.
An important physical quantity, work, is defined as a scalar product of two vector quantities, force and displacement.
The mass of each square is 1kg, since the lamina is uniform.
We have so far considered refraction at a plane interface.
We shall now consider refraction at a spherical interface between two transparent media.
The measurement of light as perceived by human eye is called photometry.
The center of mass of a system of particles will be a key concept here.
The block is a rigid body.
The rigid body here is in pure translational motion.
Here M is the total mass of the body.
The center of mass C is shown in the figure.
If one or more coordinates of an object change with time, we say that the object is in motion.
Then the distance moved by the car is OP = +360 m.
To describe motion in two/three dimensions, we need a set of two/three axes.
The velocity of an object, in general, changes during its course of motion.
This was a problem even in Galileo's time.
For the v-t curve shown in Fig. 3.7, we can obtain acceleration at every instant of time.
(a) An object is moving in a positive direction with a positive acceleration.
(b) An object is moving in positive direction with a negative acceleration.
(c) An object is moving in negative direction with a negative acceleration.
An infinitesimal part of a spherical surface can be regarded as planar and the same laws of refraction can be applied at every point on the surface.
To obtain Eq. (7.11) we did not need to specify the nature of the system of particles.
Its velocity-time graph is as shown in Fig. 3.11.
In this chapter, we consider the phenomena of reflection, refraction and dispersion of light, using the ray picture of light.
With his understanding of mechanics, he could come up with a simple model of reflection and refraction.
Such a dilemma does not occur in the wave picture of light.
Note that it is not the geometric center of the triangle OAB.
An extended body, in the first place, is a system of particles.
The refractive index of air increases with its density.
This phenomenon is called mirage.
This type of mirage is especially common in hot deserts.
This is also due to mirage.
Optical fibers are fabricated with high quality composite glass/quartz fibers.
Each fiber consists of a core and cladding.
Thus, an optical fiber can be used to act as an optical pipe.
The other end of the fibers is fixed over an electric lamp.
The fibers in such decorative lamps are optical fibers.
It is a 2.34 m diameter reflecting telescope (Cassegrain).
On the other hand, glass is a dispersive medium.
Thus, vacuum (or air approximately) is a non-dispersive medium in which all colors travel with the same speed.
An actual ray is really a beam of many rays of light.
Thus, the angle of deviation depends on the angle of incidence.
When this is an elastic collision, the magnitude of the velocity remains the same.
The night sky with its bright celestial objects has fascinated humans since time immemorial.
The world has an astonishing variety of materials and a bewildering diversity of life and behavior.
What is Science and what is the so-called Scientific Method?
A precise definition of this discipline is neither possible nor necessary.
Similarly, the basic laws of electromagnetism (Maxwell's equations) govern all electric and magnetic phenomena.
For example, the subject of thermodynamics, developed in the nineteenth century, deals with bulk systems in terms of macroscopic quantities such as temperature, internal energy, entropy, etc.
Property of partial reflection of light is yet another such example.
Thermodynamics, in contrast to mechanics, does not deal with the motion of bodies as a whole.
It covers a tremendous range of magnitude of physical quantities like length, mass, time, energy, etc.
Maxwell unified electromagnetism and optics with the discovery that light is an electromagnetic wave.
Understanding these conservation principles is very important to describe the observed phenomena quantitatively.
Great advances in physics often amount to unification of different theories and domains.
The law of conservation of energy is thought to be valid across all domains of nature, from the microscopic to the macroscopic.
Let CE represent the tangent plane drawn from the point C to this sphere.
This is the law of reflection.
Once we have the laws of reflection and refraction, the behavior of prisms, lenses, and mirrors can be understood.
We consider a plane wave passing through a thin prism.
In a similar manner, we can understand refraction and reflection by concave lenses and convex mirrors.
You have already encountered Doppler effect for sound waves in Chapter 15 of Class XI textbook.
The Doppler effect for light is very important in astronomy.
Optical fibers too make use of the phenomenon of total internal reflection.
Have you ever tried to find any explanation for this phenomenon?
You will see that the strips get attracted to the screen.
The glass rod repels the fur.
They acquire an electric charge on rubbing.
The property which differentiates the two kinds of charges is called the polarity of charge.
When a glass rod is rubbed with silk, the rod acquires one kind of charge and the silk acquires the second kind of charge.
What can you conclude from these observations?
Therefore the charges were named as positive and negative by the American scientist Benjamin Franklin.
In olden days, electricity and magnetism were treated as separate subjects.
Electromagnetic force is one of the fundamental forces of nature.
The science of electricity and magnetism is the foundation for the modern technological civilisation.
You know that gravitational force is a long-range force.
Hence they repel each other.
When we rub a glass rod with silk, some of the electrons from the rod are transferred to the silk cloth.
Thus a micrometre size obstacle will not be able to stop a light ray.
This is a property of a wave in general, and can be seen in sound waves too.
The sound wave of our speech has a wavelength of about 50 cm to 1 m.
Let CE represent a tangent plane drawn from the point C on to the sphere.
Cut out long thin strips of white paper and lightly iron them.
In fact they remain stuck to the screen for a while.
Similarly, two plastic rods rubbed with cat's fur repelled each other (Fig. 1.1 (b)) but attracted the fur.
This field is called electromagnetism.
The SI unit of mass is kilogram (kg).
To measure any time interval we need a clock.
You know that all matter is made up of atoms and/or molecules.
We can broadly describe physics as a study of the basic laws of nature and their manifestation in different natural phenomena.
In CGS system they were centimetre, gram and second respectively.
In FPS system they were foot, pound and second respectively.
In MKS system they were metre, kilogram and second respectively.
Other units retained for general use are given in Table 2.2.
You are already familiar with some direct methods for the measurement of length.
This is called parallax.
Electron beams can be focussed by properly designed electric and magnetic fields.
However, the glass rod and wool attracted each other.
Metals, human and animal bodies and earth are conductors.
Thus the pith ball is charged by contact.
The free electrons in the spheres are attracted towards the rod.
However, not all of the electrons in the spheres have accumulated on the left surface of A.
Fig. 1.4 (b) shows the equilibrium situation.
(iv) Remove the rod.
Like velocity, acceleration can also be positive, negative or zero.
Thus it is mainly the electromagnetic force that governs the structure of atoms and molecules, the dynamics of chemical reactions and the mechanical, thermal and other properties of materials.
They found that moving electric charges produce magnetic fields.
For example, an electric current deflects a magnetic compass needle placed in its vicinity.
Can moving magnets produce electric currents?
Does the nature permit such a relation between electricity and magnetism?
The steady current in the coil C2 produces a steady magnetic field.
Equation (6.1) can be extended to curved surfaces and nonuniform fields.
Magnetic flux is a scalar quantity.
Experimental observations discussed in Section 6.2 can be explained using this concept.
Consequently, the magnetic flux through the neighbouring coil C1 also increases.
In Experiments 6.1 and 6.2 in Section 6.2, the flux is changed by varying B.
As coil C2 is moved towards the coil C1, the galvanometer shows a deflection.
In the preceding Chapter, our concern was to describe the motion of a particle in space quantitatively.
Likewise, an external force is needed also to retard or stop motion.
To counter this force, the child has to apply an external force on the car in the direction of motion.
In other words, its motion never ceases.
This is, of course, an idealised situation.
This property of the body is called inertia.
Inertia means ' resistance to change '.
Gravity is everywhere.
Note, it has to be an external force.
We get thrown backward with a jerk.
But our body is not strictly a rigid body.
Relative to the bus, therefore, we are thrown backward.
But the rest of the body continues to move forward due to inertia.
</p>
