<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
She is sleeping.
Rama is a good boy.
This is a sample sentence for Anusaraka.
I will give up smoking.
I am eating fruits.
They may have eaten fruits.
He may drink milk or eat apples.
He attacked the enemy.
Mohan fell from the top of the house.
We had wasted our journey.
He heard the sound of rain from the kitchen.
Rama gave a book to Mohan .
What is your name?
There was a red mark on the door .
Rama married Sita.
He signed the cheque.
The book was read by Meera .
What is the purpose of Dharma?
There was a marked difference in the prices of dishes .
He marked these bottles .
Did you take your breakfast?
I will not do it .
He wasted his golden opportunity to play in the national team .
He could hear a faint sound from the bushes .
I heard the sound of rain on the roof .
Rama is beating a boy.
I went there with my mother .
The train left on time .
Rama ate some sweets .
This job will not take much effort .
This is the way to go .
He left in the morning.
The army studied the stills from the security video .
What does he eat ?
But my efforts to win his heart have failed .
He is a brother of a rich person .
She is a wife of a rich person .
The boy saw a child.
Her heart beats fast .
I was sleeping in my room .
If you use that strategy , he will wipe you out .
I want to go there .
I can not afford to buy a house .
The painted doors look great .
He bought the published books for his library .
The game of life is played for winning .
The fruit is eaten by a parrot .
I got a book from the fat ugly boy .
The Moon is shining .
The boy has a computer .
I have three brothers .
The professor decided to write a book .
The instructor persuaded Mary to take that course .
Mary promised the instructor to take that course .
The baby is crying .
We are waiting for Suresh .
I showed them how they should do it .
There is a book on the desk .
The donkey was loaded with the idol .
She is beating him .
Sita is a good girl. Boys are eating fruits.
This is our book.
Her name is Sita. What did he eat ?
Jane is soon coming .
They are good boys .
This is my first sentence.
They have social prestige .
Your claims are indefensible .
The wheels of the car began to turn .
Our team was easily beaten in the competition .
She carefully prepared the dinner.
There are many tissues of fat in our body.
The mystery of the Nixon tapes was never solved.
A million people attended .
A few people attended.
The income tax proposal was rejected.
You are lucky I am here.
A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
She is very careful about her work.
It is likely they will come.
Have you ever seen the Pacific ?
How many people did you see ?
He told them about the accident immediately.
She works very carefully.
He made a mistake in inviting John.
I will invite Rama.
Did you put the milk in the refrigerator ?
These are children's books.
I live in New York City.
I live near the San Gabriel River.
There is a dog in the park.
The Danes are nice people.
People use espresso to make other coffee drinks.
The Zongle of Bongle Dongle resigned today.
I gave an expensive present.
Where are you coming from ?
Some other costumes were really bad.
Do you think we should go to the party ?
Where did you put the milk ?
All our sisters are coming.
An insect bit me on the arm.
He wrote the biography of Tagore.
All his books are good.
Sita is my daughter.
He made a mistake in the inviting of John.
John is quite certainly a better choice.
I am doing fine.
It is going terribly.
It is going well.
Petu ran fast but missed the bus.
There are three boys and four girls in the park.
Where did they go to?
Did they eat in the dark ?
Where did they come from ?
Where does she come from ?
He and I are friends.
John Stuart Mill is an important author.
It doesn't matter what Ted does.
Are a dog and a cat here ?
There is a dog and a cat here.
Where did the car come from?
Where do the words come from?
It was obvious that he'd do it.
He felt a deep shame.
He saw the broken window.
Broken windows need to be replaced.
Birds lay their eggs in the nest.
Mary's shoes are red.
She is always in a hurry.
He ladles it with a large wooden spoon.
There was a forest near the village.
She rose from the table to welcome me.
I can guess his age.
She asked me to guess her age.
How can I participate ?
John is less fat than Tom.
I have started working.
I knew who would come to the party.
He prays with me daily.
I felt terrible after our discussion.
He disputed that our program was superior.
The hat is too small for me.
He is a small man in eyes of his boss .
We camped on Nilgiri hills during summer.
The soldiers were called out for the war.
We ran after him , but he escaped .
He lost his pen .
We lost 30 minutes in the traffic jam .
I read about the train accident in today's paper.
He is a devoted husband and a father.
Sita is baking breads for breakfast.
Last week I saw a great movie.
The idol was a beautiful piece of excellent workmanship.
The water came above our shoulder.
John's family is renovating their kitchen.
How do you operate this machine ?
He is looking for another job .
He is a well known scientist.
I didn't think he would do it, but he did.
By going there you can earn more money.
I know some people.
He has lost his confidence.
She took out water from a deep well .
The letter disturbed me .
We went to Paris on Sarah's advice .
She was afraid for her children .
She will bind the ribbon .
Delhi is my birth place .
She gave birth to twins .
He got all the advantages of his birth .
Did you ask the price ?
He bought a book of stamps .
I should have talked to you before inviting John .
Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from ?
The old woman was sitting in a chair .
The policeman took him to policestation .
It is likely that Rod died.
He is known as the Einstein of India .
They divided the money up among the children .
I biked Johnson Creek .
I will finish my work first .
There was an attempt to kill Rod .
The recent advertising campaign has had a marked effect on sales .
That reeks of favoritism .
We should help the poor.
He left all his money to the orphanage .
I want to have this and I want to have that .
Terrorists treat people very badly .
This sentence parses badly .
He is being hired by another company .
We picked out some beautiful flowers for her .
I am afraid that I have badly hurt him .
Dick is important to fix the problem .
Anne told me I would almost certainly be hired .
The shadow travels with the sun .
I say it is a damn shame that he left .
He would play a football match against his former champions .
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday .
I was told the whole story by Maybeline .
She is full of bright ideas .
It is not a good idea to drive for hours without a rest .
His aim was to become president .
We have very different ideas about disciplining children .
It is not a good manner to eat alone .
He took the most convenient seat .
The official refused to comment on the matter .
I suppose his criticism was fair comment .
They seem to resemble each other .
He had not seen him since that graduation day .
The role of a teacher is to guide a student towards knowledge .
My brother guided me in my work.
He was awarded for his courage .
She is a great fan of Lata .
He was a football fan .
A warm breeze fanned her cheeks .
These smugglers are to be captured .
I saw you put the key in your pocket .
I have been invited to head the department .
I'm afraid you have completely misunderstood the question .
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ .
This is my friend Bob .
We ate at Joe's Diner last week .
How did John do it ?
The punch caught him in the stomach .
It is clear who killed Rod .
We are from the planet Gorpon.
The best costumes got prizes.
She is apparently an excellent pianist .
There is a dog or a cat here.
It is important to fix the problem.
He spoke last on this issue .
I should have talked to you before the inviting of John .
The sleeping of students can ruin a lecture .
The sleeping of students is becoming a big problem .
Joan Smith is the president of the company .
The explosion damaged his hearing .
Many people were angered by the hearings.
I am in New York and I would like to see you .
I bought a golden bangle for my mother .
The mother calmed the angry son .
He deals fairly with his employees .
Everyone should maintain peace on the earth .
It's true that you are my friend but I can't go along with you on this issue.
If we heat iron it becomes red .
John is more intelligent than Tom .
The sparrow made a beautiful nest .
She looks beautiful .
There is a ghost in the room .
The man has been killed by the police .
The parents documented every step of their child's development .
Kennedy has been killed .
They bought some imitation jewelry .
The chief guest gave a welcome address .
The whole village was washed away by the floods .
She is waiting for her turn .
She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth .
I asked my friend to xerox the notes .
She is too young for marriage .
The government took serious steps to check the dacoits .
You must outline the important sentences with a marker .
He opened a conversation on the issue of animal rights .
They threw him in the swimming pool .
The thief escaped through the open gate .
The land was zoned for industrial purposes .
The child is weeping for his mother .
There is a well near the tree .
He's always looking at himself in the mirror .
The question is who we should invite .
Her parents were killed in a plane crash .
The jet zoomed across the sky .
How much money did you earn ?
How much more spilled ?
He is a great sports fan .
It was a completely wasted journey .
I don't have very much money.
Dalai Lama is the abbot of the Tibetian monastery .
There is abject poverty in India .
A policeman is abasing a good businessman .
Abandoned children are kept in orphanages .
The frequent sleeping of students is a big problem .
Some people take a lot of time to acclimatize themselves to the new environment .
The sky is wreathed with clouds .
The Inspector made an accidental inspection of the school .
The priest granted absolution for John's sins .
There are abundant natural resources in our country .
Some fruit juices are very acidic .
I wondered for a long time why everyone liked her so much.
Beautiful paintings adorned the walls of the palace.
The leopard seizes its kill and begins to eat .
The dog went into its house .
Their daughter took the first prize in the race .
We caught the last bus for home .
The last part of the course was hard because I was running against the wind .
He commented that the two essays were rather similar .
I wonder how much money you earned .
The other five costumes got prizes.
I wonder where John is.
Clinton announced on Tuesday a bold new proposal.
</p>
<p>
She said she didn't approve of my behavior.
She decided to search her biological mother .
Monday sounds good for the meeting.
My many female friends were angered by the hearings.
The stupidity of the senators annoyed all my friends.
My three sisters are coming next week .
There was a problem, but we solved it.
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain .
The Master said, if I did not go , how would you ever see ?
The letter was clearly the product of a twisted mind .
I do not go out as much now.
The five best costumes got prizes.
Your house and garden are very attractive.
He is more intelligent than John.
I yelled at her for going to the party.
This computer is relatively more expensive.
But where will you get them from.
From your description, I do not think I would enjoy it.
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica.
I finally figured out why this program is so slow.
He was an exotic creature with short red hair and brilliant green eyes.
The best five costumes got prizes.
I wonder how John did it.
I told Margaret on Tuesday that I thought she would probably be hired.
High income taxes are important.
There is a heap of garbage near the house.
It was so dark that I could not see anything.
I heard a yelp from the hostel last night.
Criminal charges will be brought against the driver.
The school admits only 50 students at a time.
The playing of the piano really bothers John.
Actress Whoopi Goldberg and singer Michael Jackson attended the ceremony.
Failure to comply may result in dismissal.
I wonder whether we should go.
He told them about the accident, presumably.
The doctor is tending the injured.
He gave up his lucrative law practice for the sake of the country.
She is an excellent student with a bright future.
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken.
To the people of India he is the symbol of mature wisdom.
He never really recovered from the shock of his wife's death.
He was well aware of the problem.
She has gone for a walk in the woods.
Since I know English, he spoke to me.
Mysore is also known as the city of palaces.
Kufri is a small hill station near shimla.
The girl who you called yesterday has arrived.
The dog which Chris bought is really ugly.
Phil gave me a sweater which he bought in Paris.
The boy who came yesterday from Delhi is my friend.
The girl you met yesterday is here.
The dog I chased was black.
This is the place I live. 
This is the place I met him. 
I will show you the house which I bought. 
Shivaji was one of the most powerful rulers in 1600.
Ayodhya during ancient times was known as kaushaldesa.
Golconda fort is situated on the western outskirts of hyderabad.
Jumma masjid is considered to be one of the most beautiful mosques in western india.
He was imprisoned in 1945 for the brutal murder of a sixty year old man. 
These cuts in services will particularly affect the old.
A slow, balmy breeze from the south engulfed everyone in the audience.
His reputation was tarnished by his misdeeds.
The debate was a pretty disappointing affair. 
She wore a long black velvet affair.
The book does not make any mention of his love affair.
He sat under a wonderful velvet sky.
The suspect was about 2 meters tall.  
Do not waste electricity.
Leave your coat in the hall.
Do not shut the door.
She is making the girl feed the child.
She made the girl feed the child.
Applicants for posts are called for interview.
The interview lasted about an hour. 
The performance starts at seven. 
</p>
