<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
He has been frequently coming.
Rama is a good boy.
This is a sample sentence for Anusaraka.
I will give up smoking.
They may have eaten fruits.
All are going to school.
He may drink milk or eat apples.
Mohan fell from the top of the house.
We had wasted our journey.
He heard the sound of rain from the kitchen.
Rama gave a book to Mohan .
There was a red mark on the door .
The book was read by Meera .
What is the purpose of Dharma?
There was a marked difference in the prices of dishes .
Did you take your breakfast?
I will not do it .
He wasted his golden opportunity to play in the national team .
The blacksmith made an assay of iron ore .
He could hear a faint sound from the bushes .
I heard the sound of rain on the roof .
Rama is beating a boy.
I went there with my mother .
The train left on time .
This job will not take much effort .
This is the way to go .
He left in the morning.
I ate fruits , drank milk and slept .
The army studied the stills from the security video .
But my efforts to win his heart have failed .
He is a brother of a rich person .
She is a wife of a rich person .
The boy saw a child.
I was sleeping in my room .
If you use that strategy , he will wipe you out .
I want to go there .
I can not afford to buy a house .
The painted doors look great .
He bought the published books for his library .
The game of life is played for winning .
The fruit is eaten by a parrot .
I got a book from the fat ugly boy .
The boy has a computer .
The professor decided to write a book .
The teacher drew up the children in line.
Mary promised the instructor to take that course .
We are waiting for Suresh .
I showed them how they should do it .
There is a book on the desk .
The donkey was loaded with the idol .
Sita is a good girl.
I gave a book to him .
This is my first sentence.
Your claims are indefensible .
The wheels of the car began to turn .
Our team was easily beaten in the competition .
She carefully prepared the dinner.
There are many tissues of fat in our body.
The mystery of the Nixon tapes was never solved.
The income tax proposal was rejected.
You are lucky I am here.
A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
She is very careful about her work.
It is likely they will come.
Have you ever seen the Pacific ?
How many people did you see ?
He told them about the accident immediately.
He made a mistake in inviting John.
Did you put the milk in the refrigerator ?
I live in New York City.
I live near the San Gabriel River.
There is a dog in the park.
The Danes are nice people.
People use espresso to make other coffee drinks.
The Zongle of Bongle Dongle resigned today.
I gave an expensive present.
Where are you coming from ?
Some other costumes were really bad.
Do you think we should go to the party ?
Where did you put the milk ?
All our sisters are coming.
An insect bit me on the arm.
He wrote the biography of Tagore.
All his books are good.
He made a mistake in the inviting of John.
John is quite certainly a better choice.
Petu ran fast but missed the bus.
Where did they go to?
Did they eat in the dark ?
Where did they come from ?
Where does she come from ?
He and I are friends.
John Stuart Mill is an important author.
It doesn't matter what Ted does.
My watch is good for nothing.
There is a dog and a cat here.
Where did the car come from?
Where do the words come from?
It was obvious that he'd do it.
He felt a deep shame.
He saw the broken window.
Broken windows need to be replaced.
Birds lay their eggs in the nest.
She is always in a hurry.
He ladles it with a large wooden spoon.
There was a forest near the village.
She rose from the table to welcome me.
I can guess his age.
She asked me to guess her age.
John is less fat than Tom.
I knew who would come to the party.
He prays with me daily.
I felt terrible after our discussion.
He disputed that our program was superior.
The hat is too small for me.
He is a small man in eyes of his boss .
We camped on Nilgiri hills during summer.
The soldiers were called out for the war.
We ran after him , but he escaped .
We lost 30 minutes in the traffic jam .
I read about the train accident in today's paper.
He is a devoted husband and a father.
He is listening music on high volume. 
Last week I saw a great movie.
The idol was a beautiful piece of excellent workmanship.
The water came above our shoulder.
John's family is renovating their kitchen.
How do you operate this machine ?
He is looking for another job .
He is a well known scientist.
I didn't think he would do it, but he did.
By going there you can earn more money.
He has lost his confidence.
She took out water from a deep well .
We went to Paris on Sarah's advice .
She was afraid for her children .
She will bind the ribbon .
Delhi is my birth place .
She gave birth to twins .
He got all the advantages of his birth .
Did you ask the price ?
He bought a book of stamps .
I should have talked to you before inviting John .
Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from ?
The old woman was sitting in a chair .
The policeman took him to policestation .
It is likely that Rod died.
He is known as the Einstein of India .
They divided the money up among the children .
It  plunged first its nose into the river .
I will finish my work first .
Who came first in the race ?
There was an attempt to kill Rod .
The recent advertising campaign has had a marked effect on sales .
We should help the poor.
He left all his money to the orphanage .
I want to have this and I want to have that .
Terrorists treat people very badly .
He is being hired by another company .
We picked them out for her .
We picked out some beautiful flowers for her .
I am afraid that I have badly hurt him .
Dick is important to fix the problem .
Anne told me I would almost certainly be hired .
The shadow travels with the sun .
I say it is a damn shame that he left .
He would play a football match against his former champions .
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday .
I was told the whole story by Maybeline .
She is full of bright ideas .
I thought it is right to resign .
It is not a good idea to drive for hours without a rest .
His aim was to become president .
We have very different ideas about disciplining children .
It is not a good manner to eat alone .
He took the most convenient seat .
He made negative comments to the press .
The official refused to comment on the matter .
I suppose his criticism was fair comment .
They seem to resemble each other .
He had not seen him since that graduation day .
The role of a teacher is to guide a student towards knowledge .
My brother guided me in my work.
He was awarded for his courage .
It struggled to force its body through that little hole .
She is a great fan of Lata .
He was a football fan .
A warm breeze fanned her cheeks .
These smugglers are to be captured .
I saw you put the key in your pocket .
I have been invited to head the department .
He was awakened at dawn by the sound of crying .
I'm afraid you have completely misunderstood the question .
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ .
Last Tuesday was really fun .
This is my friend Bob .
We ate at Joe's Diner last week .
How did John do it ?
The punch caught him in the stomach .
It is clear who killed Rod .
We are from the planet Gorpon.
The best costumes got prizes.
She is apparently an excellent pianist .
There is a dog or a cat here.
It is important to fix the problem.
He spoke last on this issue .
I should have talked to you before the inviting of John .
The sleeping of students can ruin a lecture .
The sleeping of students is becoming a big problem .
Joan Smith is the president of the company .
The explosion damaged his hearing .
Many people were angered by the hearings.
I am in New York and I would like to see you .
I bought a golden bangle for my mother .
The mother calmed the angry son .
He deals fairly with his employees .
Everyone should maintain peace on the earth .
It's true that you are my friend but I can't go along with you on this issue.
If we heat iron it becomes red .
John is more intelligent than Tom .
The sparrow made a beautiful nest .
There is a ghost in the room .
The man has been killed by the police .
The parents documented every step of their child's development .
I went there to buy a book .
They bought some imitation jewelry .
The chief guest gave a welcome address .
The whole village was washed away by the floods .
She is waiting for her turn .
She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth .
I asked my friend to xerox the notes .
She is too young for marriage .
The government took serious steps to check the dacoits .
You must outline the important sentences with a marker .
He opened a conversation on the issue of animal rights .
They threw him in the swimming pool .
The thief escaped through the open gate .
The land was zoned for industrial purposes .
The child is weeping for his mother .
There is a well near the tree .
He's always looking at himself in the mirror .
The question is who we should invite .
Her parents were killed in a plane crash .
The jet zoomed across the sky .
How much money did you earn ?
He is a great sports fan .
I live at 805 West Indiana Street.
It was a completely wasted journey .
I don't have very much money.
Dalai Lama is the abbot of the Tibetian monastery .
There is abject poverty in India .
A policeman is abasing a good businessman .
Abandoned children are kept in orphanages .
The frequent sleeping of students is a big problem .
The sky is wreathed with clouds .
Some schools do not give weightage to extracurricular activities .
The Inspector made an accidental inspection of the school .
The priest granted absolution for John's sins .
There are abundant natural resources in our country .
Some fruit juices are very acidic .
I wondered for a long time why everyone liked her so much.
Beautiful paintings adorned the walls of the palace.
The leopard seizes its kill and begins to eat .
The dog went into its house .
Their daughter took the first prize in the race .
We caught the last bus for home .
The last part of the course was hard because I was running against the wind .
Gas is escaping from the pipe.
He commented that the two essays were rather similar .
Three quarters of a million people in this city have no health insurance.
I wonder how much money you earned .
The other five costumes got prizes.
I wonder where John is.
Clinton announced on Tuesday a bold new proposal.
She said she didn't approve of my behavior.
She decided to search her biological mother .
Monday sounds good for the meeting.
My many female friends were angered by the hearings.
The stupidity of the senators annoyed all my friends.
My three sisters are coming next week .
There was a problem, but we solved it.
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain .
He lives in a narrow lane off the main road .
The chairman of the company presented the annual report.
The Master said, if I did not go , how would you ever see ?
The letter was clearly the product of a twisted mind .
I do not go out as much now.
He lives at Chandinichok in Delhi in India.
Who translated the sentence for the student? 
Espresso is a coffee drink.
I gave him for his birthday a very expensive present.
Where were you coming from? 
Your house and garden are very attractive.
He is more intelligent than John.
I yelled at her for going to the party.
This computer is relatively more expensive.
But where will you get them from.
Of her childhood we know very little.
From your description, I do not think I would enjoy it.
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica.
</p>
<p>
I finally figured out why this program is so slow.
He was an exotic creature with short red hair and brilliant green eyes.
The best five costumes got prizes.
I wonder how John did it.
I told Margaret on Tuesday that I thought she would probably be hired.
High income taxes are important.
There is a heap of garbage near the house.
It was so dark that I could not see anything.
I heard a yelp from the hostel last night.
Criminal charges will be brought against the driver.
The school admits only 50 students at a time.
Buying of shares was brisk on Wall Street today.
The playing of the piano really bothers John.
Many people can speak but only a few can act.
Actress Whoopi Goldberg and singer Michael Jackson attended the ceremony.
Failure to comply may result in dismissal.
I wonder whether we should go.
He told them about the accident, presumably.
The doctor is tending the injured.
He gave up his lucrative law practice for the sake of the country.
She is an excellent student with a bright future.
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken.
To the people of India he is the symbol of mature wisdom.
I enclose three documents herewith.
He never really recovered from the shock of his wife's death.
He was well aware of the problem.
She has gone for a walk in the woods.
Since I know English, he spoke to me.
Mysore is also known as the city of palaces.
Kufri is a small hill station near Shimla.
The girl who you called yesterday has arrived.
The snake who swallowed the rat hissed loudly.
The dog which Chris bought is really ugly.
Phil gave me a sweater which he bought in Paris.
The boy who came yesterday from Delhi is my friend.
The girl you met yesterday is here.
The dog I chased was black.
The man you saw is intelligent. 
This is the place I live. 
This is the place I met him. 
I will show you the house which I bought. 
Shivaji was one of the most powerful rulers in 1600.
Ayodhya during ancient times was known as kaushaldesa.
Golconda fort is situated on the western outskirts of Hyderabad.
Jumma masjid is considered to be one of the most beautiful mosques in western India.
I like dogs as well as cats.
He was imprisoned in 1945 for the brutal murder of a sixty year old man. 
These cuts in services will particularly affect the old.
A slow, balmy breeze from the south engulfed everyone in the audience.
Is there life beyond the grave?
When you stand on this rock and face the east, the waves of the bay of bengal lap your feet.
His reputation was tarnished by his misdeeds.
The debate was a pretty disappointing affair.
She wore a long black velvet affair.
The book does not make any mention of his love affair.
He sat under a wonderful velvet sky.
Do this in your room.
The suspect was about 2 meters tall.  
Leave your coat in the hall.
Do not shut the door.
I have been running about all morning trying to find you. 
She is making the girl feed the child.
She made the girl feed the child.
A fat boy had to eat fruits.
A fat boy had to do various exercises.
Applicants for posts are called for interview. 
The interview lasted about an hour.
The performance starts at seven.
She was just 3 weeks old.
There is a lot of flu about.
In fact she had been feeling tired and queasy for the past few days.
At the end of the day, 251.2 million shares were traded.
No, it was not Black Monday.
The President's address to the nation was broadcasted across the country.
Still, fund groups are not taking any chances.
But fund managers say they are ready.
The test may come today.
I will tell you some interesting facts tomorrow.
At this point, the Dow was down about 35 points.
Do not send the message by radio.
The matter was explained by her.
He said such results should be "measurable in dollars and cents" in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan. 
Go straight and take a right turn.
Both of her parents are from India.
Please enclose a curriculum vitae with your letter of application.
Fifty people voted against the new proposal.
Mandi is comparatively hotter than other hill stations of himachal pradesh.
Most of the inexpensive budget accommodation is in taj ganj.
As we go from ooty to gudalur, the change in vegetation is striking.
The glass house built on the lines of the crystal palace in london is the main attraction in this huge park .
Mahadevi Verma wrote many poems.
Soccer is my most favourite sport.
He persuaded them to go.
The soup needs more salt.
My car broke down when I reached Lalitpur.
His wife has had a baby.
It is Jane who wants to do it.
He stopped killing of animals and birds throughout his kingdom.
Experience is more important for this job than paper qualifications.
He wrote the address on a piece of paper.
</p>
<p>
Dictionaries are usually printed on thin paper.
She works on paper because she hates computers.
I read a recent paper in the Journal of Medicine.
I read about the train robbery in today's paper.
I read about the train accident in Sunday paper.
This journal is available in paper form.
Almora is a small town in Uttarakhanda state.
This card is printed on recycled paper.
She had gotten her family to go against convention. 
She declared that out of love for the poor she had gotten her family to go against convention. 
She got the book to read from the library. 
He got a topic to speak at the forum. 
He finally got a topic to speak at the forum.
The main states of southern India are Tamilnadu, Kerala, Maharashtra, Andhrapradesh and Karnataka.
He will not come because he is busy.
He neither plays, nor reads.
The kullu valley is also known as the valley of the gods .
Chaturbhuj temple is built on a massive stone platform .
Puri is one of the most important pilgrimage centres for the hindus .
He went to Agra and saw the Tajmahal.
They accused him of the crime.
The garden provides a spectacular view of the city .
It is easy to get into a fight. 
Queen victoria opened blackfriars bridge in november 1869 .
Srinagar is the capital city of Jammu and Kashmir and one of the most popular hill stations.
The toltecs were the predominant civilizations of this time .
How shall we collect the money?
Rahul was the son of Buddha and the name Lahaul is derived from Rahul .
The white marbled moti masjid or the pearl mosque was the private mosque for aurangzeb .
Sarpa yakshi and Naga yakshi are the beloved consorts of Nagaraja .
Rainwear is a must if you are visiting between june and september .
Allahabad is also known for its annual magh mela (mini kumbh mela) and colorful dussehra festival .
This old fort was built by Sher Shah in the 16th century .
During the first world war, it was used as a hospital .
The chenna kesava temple of belur built 900 years ago is an exquisite example of hoysala art .
This beautiful building is 245 ft in length and 156 ft in width .
One can reach kumbhalgarh by road from Udaipur (84km) and ranakpur which is 18km from kumbhalgarh .
She is ugly and fat.
Her mom was beautiful, talented and sweet.
She is beautiful and intelligent.
Mary, Joe, Sita, Geeta and Louise are coming to the party.
The government's action was unusual .
It would open a can of worms .
Everybody was trying to do the same thing at the same time .
I will tell you the story tomorrow. 
He doesn't always play tennis.
I gave her a book.
She can not bear the smell of petrol.
But I heard the same words over and over in my mind.
I didn't see him here.
How many kids do you have?
It is good to eat less food these days.
The purpose of this note is to give simple sentences for translation.
The journey takes about three hours.
Why are they sitting around the fire?
Perhaps he will attend the meeting.
You must not drink this.
These potatoes don't peel easily.
Did the noise wake you up?
Can you reach the ceiling fan?
In which school do you study?
It is night and the moon is shining in the sky.
The swimmer swam across the river.
I heard from him twice since he went away.
I am inviting my friend tomorrow.
What is the volume of this cylinder?
The advantages of science are many.
I am busy with my studies.
Rama said that Radha told a lie.
The dog who chased me was black.
The book I was reading is wonderful.
I saw the man who you love.
The place where you are staying is very congested.
I will show you the house where I met your mother.
The dalai lama presented some beautiful tankhas.
Things had just gone too far.
SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners .
If John was with Lisa last night, who went to the movie with Diane?
Let her go to the market.
Let them do the work.
The Hawa mahal was built by the Maharaja Sawai Pratap Singh in 1799 AD and Lal Chand Usta was the architect.
He is not related to me.
When the dollar is in a free-fall , even central banks can't stop it .
Mary is taller than Max.
Mary is the tallest of all the students.
My dog is the biggest of all the dogs in the neighborhood.
Health is more important than money.
I know a woman who has two children .
The girl running to the shop is my friend.
The soldier that is ill is in the hospital.
In these examples, the external agency of force (hands, wind, stream, etc) is in contact with the object.
This is the color I like best.
They will have to bear him.
The book I like best is Harry Potter.
I am taking care of it.
We should make our relationship strong.
The quotes of this volume are nice.
A good enough actor can do it.
I am going across the border.
The butcher's shop is across the street.
</p>
<p>
I can't get along without some help.
I do not want to get into problem.
This helps in cultivating this practice.
This helps to cultivate this practice.
I saw the blue sky above the trees.
Britain won five gold medals.
It could win without killing.
He realized that he was in great danger.
I am young and healthy.
The Sun was declared stronger than the Wind.
Once there were three little pigs, Sonu, Monu and Gonu.
Sonu ran to Monu's house.
He smiled and said, Good morning!
The giraffe said, Not if you ride on my back.
I go to school on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.
On Saturdays I play games at school.
Then we can cross the river. 
She had two chicks, Lalu and Peelu.
One day Mittu was flying.
He saw a big yellow mango on a tree.
"I want to eat that yellow mango," he said.
He saw a big black crow.
Mittu was afraid of the crow.
Mittu saw a red balloon.
It was under a tree.
He picked up the red balloon.
The crow was sitting on the tree.
He ate the big yellow mango.
It really looked like a ball.
It really looks like a balloon.
One day Murali ate a mango.
He threw the seed behind his house.
We will try again, Bobby said.
I will take you to school.
The Sahara Desert extends for miles.
Safety is our highest priority.
The bank refused to extend credit to them.
There are plans to extend the no-smoking area.
What are the basic constituents of the mixture?
Let's look at the constituent parts of this sentence.
Childhood is the best time of life.
In ancient times there were many kingdoms.
This time tomorrow I will be in Canada.
This is a fairly easy book.
I know him fairly well, but I would not say we were really close friends.
I'm fairly certain I can do the job.
The report was fairly incomprehensible.
He took the book from his friend.
I saw many fairies in my dream.
Mohan brought few parrots from the forest.
She was afraid Panditji's men would be coming.
He concluded that we should go.
He concluded from their remarks that they were not in favour of the plan.
Moteram said, friend, your cry was like the roar of a lion.
They were in a state of shock. 
What is the company's financial state? 
The country is in a state of war. 
The building is in a terrible state.
In 1922, Bohr was awarded Nobel Prize in Physics.
The snow created further problems.
The Bible says that God created the world. 
The government plans to create more jobs for young people. 
Scientists disagree about how the universe was created. 
The company is trying to create a young energetic image.
The government has created eight new peers. 
The President has announced a plan to create new jobs. 
The scientists who created the world's first atomic bomb.
Create a new directory and put all your files into it.
The main purpose of industry is to create wealth.
My party will be grander than your party.
The dissenters launched a new party.
The inspector discovered a crack in the house's foundation.
They established a foundation to help orphaned children.
The science of electricity and magnetism is the foundation for the modern technological civilisation.
The sun was shining and birds were singing.
The rain has stopped and the sun is shining.
They kept the books on the table.
I couldn't see because the sun was in my eyes.
Remove your hand from my shoulder.
They decided to remove their son from the school.
This detergent will remove even old stains. 
He has been removed from his service. 
We should remove terrorism from our country.
Before I decide, I need time to reflect.
His face was reflected in the mirror.
She sleeps even in the office.
This field is called electromagnetism.
If this is your idea of a joke, then I don't find it very funny.
He discussed the general but neglected the particular.
His words implied a threat. 
Are you implying that I am fat?
She answered in a faint murmur.
The wind murmured in the trees.
She was murmuring in his ear.
The Democratic National Convention will meet next week to announce their party's candidate for president.
The United Nation's convention on the rights of the child was a big success.
Convention demands that a club member should resign in such a situation.
We must be alert to the possibility of danger.
Two alert scientists spotted the mistake.
They had been alerted to the possibility of further price rises.
</p>
<p>
And its eyes are beautiful.
It would die in the hot plains.
Aditya said, Let's look at it carefully first.
There's a story about this place.
One of the names of the Sun God is Bhaskar.
In the hills potatoes are the staple diet.
He was the leader of the first Indian expedition which attempted to climb Everest.
For example, take a stainless steel spoon.
Where did the steel come from?
How does a star form?
There is an important difference, however, between the Sun and the hydrogen bomb.
Alka had fallen straight into it.
A terrifying scream rent the air.
There are some apartments for rent in these buildings.
There is a big rent in his new house.
They always pay their rent on time.
He rented a small house in Allahabad.
The limiting speed is about 11.2 kilometres per second.
There are two reasons for this.
But first let us look at these tools.
Females of birds produce eggs.
I'll give you a hint.
I can't show you the factory today, anyway.
The others nodded in agreement.
The earth inside a tunnel would be wet and muddy.
The land ahead looks dry.
You must continue our custom of performing Lakshmi Puja on the first Friday of Shravana.
Gopal remembered his promise and told his wife about it.
And do not go empty-handed.
After all, she is your elder sister.
No mortal can live without sleep.
He was in the depths of despair.
It was the leader of the gang.
She did this especially when she was talking.
They also thought she showed off too much with it.
I'm a doctor, replied the spider.
The milkman was a tall thin man with a long face and a longer nose.
It was a small stall and she sat at one corner of it.
But he was not a bad man.
The whole place was white with flour flying out of the mill.
He was happy and gave her the oil.
Where did you get it from?
Once there was a king who was generous and kind.
The leader of each group is called a Sirdar.
Wild elephants too cause havoc occasionally.
So the sunlight is distributed equally.
Do pests also attack tea plants?
I saw the spots clearly.
What did you do then?
We'll return here tonight and see if he acts on it.
Please give me two orange squashes.
The permission could not be given.
Asutosh's first choice obviously was teaching and research.
I hope you have kept them away safely?
The people get their medicines straight from plants.
Their incense emits the sweetness of sugar.
Of course, it doesn't really weep.
I don't even know their names.
Before the days of printing, our holy books were written on birch bark.
Another thing, where do you keep your ghee at home?
Tea really is very popular.
There's a bank right across the street.
The baby had been abandoned by its mother.
Please draw this cork out of the bottle.
She ran to the window and cried for help.
The baby was crying for its mother.
Hailstones beat against the window.
All translated words should be enclosed in brackets.
My doctor said the problem was more emotional than physical.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy.
Arjun said we must wait.
I wager that she can not pass the exam.
The King was very upset.
Just as dawn was breaking, the elephant finished his meal.
Criminals should be debarred from voting.
Bad behaviour debases a person.
Waves dashed against the cliffs.
The waves are dashing against the rock.
He dashed against the wall.
The property descended from father to son.
A political storm in parliament.
They built a rough shelter from the old pieces of wood and cardboard.
I gave shelter to a puppy.
Statement was an attempt to squash the rumours.
He gave me the dodge.
He dodged behind a wall.
She was a severe woman who seldom smiled.
His great knowledge, his wonderful memory and his untiring energy have been devoted to this purpose for nearly twenty years.
The police dispersed the crowd.
The sun dispersed the mist.
The minister dodged questions about his relationship with the actress.
Who is acting for the defendant?
Who is acting on behalf of the defendant?
You're acting like a child!
Your answer is exactly right.
Please apply for a position in a company.
He leaned back on the chair.
There were ten children away yesterday.
I asked him to explain his actions.
To know a person by his actions.
</p>
<p>
The action of sunlight on the skin.
I drew a line across the page.
It's too tight across the back.
So the King had to make arrangements for her departure.
They could not sustain their independence.
They surrendered their guns to the police.
Nobody knows what will happen next.
They could not afford the rent.
They abandoned the match because of rain.
They hired an architect to draft the plans for their new home.
I was sitting in a draught.
The soldiers were at drill.
He drilled through the wall by mistake.
You drill holes in a plank.
The soldiers were being drilled outside the barracks.
Drill three holes in the wall for the screws.
She drowned her trouble in alcohol.
The noise in the hall drowned his voice.
His words were drowned in the noise.
England drew their game against France.
What conclusions did you draw from my report?
Her answers raised doubts in my mind.
I want to start my own business if I can raise the funds.
After three weeks the siege was raised.
She asked the boss for a raise.
A small baby requires constant care.
This school compares with the best in the country.
The University laid down the syllabus for the examinations and named the textbooks.
On this note we end our journey of the Universe.
Have you arranged to meet him?
We drilled the french words whole day.
What will be the effect of these reforms?
She adheres to her commitments.
She approached the bank for a loan.
A pile of papers blew off the desk.
The soldier lanced the enemy.
The ladder will not quite reach the top of the wall.
I like music, theatre and cinema.
She paid him a handsome compliment.
The baby could arrive any time now.
The baby could arrive any day now.
The answer was not easy or quick.
In the evening the fox went into the earth.
He earthed the electric wires near the pillar.
This model embodies many new features.
The cigarette burned a hole in the carpet.
The sun burned his face.
There is strain in his hand.
The wire was strained between poles.
A new trend of learning more languages.
Those friends always stick together.
The robbers stuck up the whole village.
He stuck up to his opponents.
We stuck up the posters.
The peon stuck with the officer.
His teeth are sticking out.
The union leaders stuck out for their demand.
The team is bidding to retain its place in the league.
Suddenly he struck a knife into his stomach.
A car struck against a truck.
The article advances a new theory to explain changes in the climate.
Someone was beating a drum.
Simon always beats me at tennis.
I'm beat - I'm going to bed.
He had failed in the execution of his duty.
They have promised that the development will not encroach on public land.
Work on the new bridge is due to begin in September.
The book will enrich your vocabulary.
Poverty still exists in this country.
The problem only exists in your head.
I don't think ghosts exist.
The teacher entertains the boys.
Can you entertain this proposal?
We hired a magician to entertain the children.
She emptied out her purse.
He's a very emotional man.
Japan is a rising country.
It was her custom to rise early.
Sun rises in the east.
Reading and tennis are my favourite pastimes.
This is a historic step.
Billy cried when the other kids called him names.
This train calls at Didcot and Reading.
You can not call her beautiful.
Teaching is considered an apt calling for women.
I will call a taxi for you.
Did somebody call my name?
There was a disputed call in the second set.
I heard a distinctive call of the cuckoo.
I called for the bill in the restaurant.
The situation calls for prompt action.
She called up her last reserves of strength.
I will call up again later.
I slept, drank milk and ate sweets.
Shankar ran and grasped his tail.
I do not know where she is.
It is a bit surprising.
I did not know her.
Now that she is here everything seems fine.
She came to see me.
</p>
<p>
The car was bought by John.
Naming the government scheme after inspiring personalities is the easiest tool for reviving the history.
The contribution of women in society is the highest.
He sat back and lit up a cigarette.
His eyes lit up when she walked into the room.
A fat boy had to eat too many fruits to lose his weight. 
He went out and shut the door.
Close the door and open the window.
They go out and shut the door.
When you go out shut the door.
Flags were flapping in the breeze.
You need to be very fit to hike the Himalayas.
All the boys are here.
Both the boys and girls are here.
Toms likes to eat fish.
He says that you like to swim.
Lucknow is the capital of Uttar Pradesh.
He was in a weird getup.
Why did they stop me?
When they know who I am why did they stop me?
Your cat keeps on rubbing itself against my leg.
Dissolve some sugar in water.
Why are you dissolving salt in your tea.
The court dissolved their marriage in 1998.
The Speaker dissolved the parliament.
Oil does not dissolve in water.
The bacteria would soon dissolve the body.
A few have been kept to work as supervisors.
Gingrich is due to arrive in Florida today.
I used to be pretty good.
People used to say so little about it.
I was asked to be the project manager.
This institution does not bother to ask the questions.
I decided to go ahead.
He decided to take a nap on the sofa.
I will enjoy to talk later.
You were elected to do something.
I hate to say this.
I hate to be rude.
You must learn to read, write, and count.
We have to learn to live together again.
We would like to see every animal.
Do you plan to do something about it?
Introverts prefer to have close relationships with a few people.
He seems to be intelligent.
The boy seems to be intelligent.
They scale the fish to cook.
The intelligent students study in libraries, streets, and cinema houses. 
The baby was wriggling in her arms.
The patient is wriggling on his bed.
The snake wriggled through the grass.
A serious injury nearly wrecked his career.
She wiped off her make-up.
</p>
