<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
Abandoned children are kept in orphanages.
A fat boy had to eat.
A fat ugly boy had to eat fruits.
A fat ugly boy had to eat too many fruits to lose his weight.
All are going to school.
All his books are good.
All our sisters are coming.
And 21 could stand for the 21 cm radio frequency of hydrogen in space.
An insect bit me on the arm.
A policeman is abasing a good businessman.
Are you afraid of spiders?
Are you coming with us?
Ashoka ruled a large empire.
As it is called now Chennai, Madras is known as the gateway of southern india.
A slow, balmy breeze from the south engulfed everyone in the audience.
As the Master grew old and infirm, the disciples begged him not to die.
As you are aware, this is not a new problem.
A warm breeze fanned her cheeks.
Ayodhya during ancient times was known as kaushaldesa.
Beautiful paintings adorned the walls of the palace.
Biking is good for health.
Birds lay their eggs in the nest.
Broken windows need to be replaced.
But where will you get them from.
By going there you can earn more money.
Cancer and heart disease are the UK's biggest killers.
Can we open a second browser window?
Can you reach the ceiling fan?
Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from?
Certain phenomena can be approached better by certain techniques.
Come to our place when you feel like it.
Criminal charges will be brought against the driver.
Dalai Lama is the abbot of the Tibetian monastery.
Decorate the car with fresh flowers.
Delhi is my birth place.
Did it all go according to the plan?
Did the noise wake you up?
Did they eat in the dark?
Did you ask the price?
Did you send a birthday card to Sheela?
Did you take your breakfast?
Discuss it among yourselves first.
Does this shirt match these trousers?
Do not disturb the sleeping kids.
Do not forget to take your tiffin.
Do not get wet in the rain.
Do not neglect your duties.
Do not send the message by radio.
Do not smoke at the public places.
Do you think these two colours match.
Drink plenty of water to keep good health.
Each one of them recorded the narratives from twenty participants.
Economic indicators fell sharply last month.
Education is very important for every child.
Espresso is a coffee drink.
Even a child can understand it.
Events of this type rarely go according to the plan.
Everyone should maintain peace on the earth.
Food must be heated to a high temperature to kill harmful bacteria.
Galelio was the first scentist to claim that the earth moves around the sun.
Go straight and take a right turn.
Guess who I saw at the party last night.
Have you seen the Tajmahal?
Having finished the book, she went to school.
He always bitches about Tanya.
He bought a book of stamps.
He bought the published books for his library.
He came from inside the room.
He commented that the two essays were rather similar.
He could hear a faint sound from the bushes.
He deals fairly with his employees.
He does not dare to ignore me.
He felt a deep shame.
He gave up his lucrative law practice for the sake of the country.
He got all the advantages of his birth.
He had not seen him since that graduation day.
He had seen me in the garden last night.
He has been frequently coming.
He has lost his confidence.
He heard the sound of rain from the kitchen.
He is a brother of a rich person.
He is a devoted husband and a father.
He is a great sports fan.
He is a small man in eyes of his boss.
He is a well known scientist.
He is bold, but he is not practical.
He is careful about his studies.
He is known as the Einstein of India.
He is more intelligent than John.
He is working harder than usual.
He ladles it with a large wooden spoon.
He left all his money to the orphanage.
He left in the morning.
He lives at Chandinichok in Delhi in India.
He lives in a narrow lane off the main road.
He made negative comments to the press.
He might attend the meeting.
He must get up early in the morning.
He neither plays, nor reads.
He never really recovered from the shock of his wife's death.
He opened a conversation on the issue of animal rights.
He ordered that all the schools should be closed.
He persuaded them to go.
He prays with me daily.
Her hard work and talent will take her to the top.
Her parents were killed in a plane crash.
He's always looking at himself in the mirror.
He saw the broken window.
He says that you like to swim.
He spoke last on this issue.
He studiously avoided answering the question.
He thought that she may have missed the train.
He took the most convenient seat.
He wanted to talk to his boss.
He was a football fan.
He was an exotic creature with short red hair and brilliant green eyes.
He was awakened at dawn by the sound of crying.
He was awarded for his courage.
He was called simply Clint Jr. because his Daddy was Clint Sr..
He was imprisoned in 1945 for the brutal murder of a sixty year old man.
He was not in when I got there, so it was a completely wasted journey.
He was sitting next to Mohan's brother.
He wasted his golden opportunity to play in the national team.
He was the first Asian scientist to win the Nobel Prize.
He was well aware of the problem.
He will not come because he is busy.
He will sing you good night.
He works according to my instructions.
He would play a football match against his former champions.
He wrote the biography of Tagore.
His aim was to become president.
His bed was next to the room's only window.
His boyhood was spent in utter poverty.
His wife has had a baby.
However the user needs some training to use the software effectively.
How many boys are there.
How many girls are there.
How many people were there.
How often do you go to the cinema.
How shall we collect the money.
I am afraid that I have badly hurt him.
I am busy with my studies.
I am inviting my friend tomorrow.
I asked him a question.
I asked my friend to xerox the notes.
I ate fruits, drank milk and slept.
I bought a golden bangle for my mother.
I can guess his age.
I can not afford to buy a house.
I challenge anyone here to race with me.
I count the cars as they pass by the office.
I did my best to teach him.
I do not go out as much now.
I do not know if he came.
I enclose three documents herewith.
If we heat iron it becomes red.
If you know who did it, you should tell the teacher.
I gave a book to him.
I got a book from the fat ugly boy.
I guess you are working very hard.
I had to run fast to catch the bus.
I hate her abominable behaviour.
I have always admired your good habits.
I have been invited to head the department.
I have had my breakfast in time.
I have never played golf in my life.
I have never seen such a horrible scene.
I heard a yelp from the hostel last night.
I heard the sound of rain on the roof.
I live in New York City.
I live near the San Gabriel River.
I'll show the house where I met your mother.
I'm afraid you have completely misunderstood the question.
I met him last in a market-place.
I'm not sure that the results are biochemically valid.
In some countries wearing yashmak is compulsory for women.
Invention of currency was done mainly for transaction.
In which school do you study.
I read about the train accident in today's paper.
I saw the man who you love.
I saw you put the key in your pocket.
I say it is a damn shame that he left.
I showed them how they should do it.
Is that the film in which he kills his mother.
Is this not a rude reply.
I suppose his criticism was fair comment.
It did not resemble any living creature.
I thought it is right to resign.
It is night and the moon is shining in the sky.
It is not a good idea to drive for hours without a rest.
It is not a good manner to eat alone.
I told Jim a story.
It  plunged first its nose into the river.
It's true that you are my friend but I can't go along with you on this issue.
It struggled to force its body through that little hole.
It was a completely wasted journey.
It was cold there even in summer.
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain.
It was obvious that he'd do it.
It was so dark that I could not see anything.
I waited for Seeta for hours.
I want to go there.
I want to have this and I want to have that.
I was sleeping in my room.
I was told the whole story by Maybeline.
I went there to buy a book.
I went there with my mother.
I will finish my work first.
I will give up smoking.
I will keep on trying.
I will not do it.
I yelled at her for going to the party.
Jerry has more than five dollars.
Joan Smith is the president of the company.
John is less fat than Tom.
John is more intelligent than Tom.
John is quite certainly a better choice.
John screamed from inside the house.
John took the bus because his car was in the shop.
Jumma masjid is considered to be one of the most beautiful mosques in western india.
Keep on the right side of the road.
Kufri is a small hill station near shimla.
Lead and tin are malleable metals.
Let her go to the market.
Let us go to the market.
Mary promised the instructor to take that course.
May I ask you a question?
Mohan fell from the top of the house.
My brother guided me in my work.
My car broke down when I reached Lalitpur.
My father allows me money for books.
My father fought in the last war.
Mysore is also known as the city of palaces.
My three sisters are coming next week.
Of her childhood we know very little.
Once there were three trees on a hill in the woods.
On hearing the news of his father's death Sachin returned back to India.
Our team was easily beaten in the competition.
Passion is a must to excel and to reach your potential.
Passion is a must to reach your potential.
People use espresso to make other coffee drinks.
Perhaps he will attend the meeting.
Petu ran fast but missed the bus.
Please acquaint me with the facts of the case.
Please enclose a curriculum vitae with your letter of application.
Police is still hoping to find the dead woman's killer.
Political interference in defence matters is highly undesirable.
Prices have tended downwards over recent years.
Rama gave a book to Dasharat, the king of Ayodhya.
Rama gave a book to Mohan.
Rama is a good boy.
Rama is beating a boy.
Rama said that Radha told a lie.
Running is good for health.
Sam, my brother is coming.
Sarla and Sudha are friends.
Shall I help you to carry the luggage.
She asked me to guess her age.
She awakened to the sound of birds' singing.
She carefully prepared the dinner.
She decided to search her biological mother.
She entered the room slowly.
She gave birth to twins.
She had large vacant brown eyes.
She has gone for a walk in the woods.
She hurt her arm in the fall and lost the use of her fingers temporarily.
She is a great fan of Lata.
She is always in a hurry.
She is an excellent student with a bright future.
She is a wife of a rich person.
She is even more intelligent than her sister.
She is full of bright ideas.
She is having her children cook dinner for her.
She is making the girl feed the child.
She is too young for marriage.
She is waiting for her turn.
She made the girl feed the child.
She rose from the table to welcome me.
She sold the house even though it was against his wishes.
She took out water from a deep well.
She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth.
She was afraid for her children.
She was singing me a song.
She will bind the ribbon.
She worked in a school for a while before joining the college.
Shivaji was one of the most powerful rulers in 1600.
Should we cut down the trees.
Since I know English, he spoke to me.
Since I know English, he spoke to me.
Sita is a good girl.
Sita is baking breads for breakfast.
Some fruit juices are very acidic.
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken.
Some schools do not give weightage to extracurricular activities.
Suman and Sarika live next to each other.
Sun rises from the east.
Take the book from the last rack.
Teddy will go home and study.
Terrorists treat people very badly.
The advantages of science are many.
</p>
<p>
The army studied the stills from the security video.
The blacksmith hammered the metal flat.
The blacksmith made an assay of iron ore.
The book I was reading is wonderful.
The boy has a computer.
The boy saw a child.
The boy who came yesterday from Delhi is my friend.
The boy you called yesterday has arrived.
The camels can adjust their body temperature according to the external temperature.
The chief guest gave a welcome address.
The child is weeping for his mother.
The company made him a tempting offer of a high salary.
The doctor is tending the injured.
The dogs and cats know what happened.
The dogs who I chased were black.
The dog went into its house.
The dog who chased me was black.
The e-mail message which you sent finally arrived yesterday.
The explosion damaged his hearing.
The fruit is eaten by a parrot.
The game of life is played for winning.
The girl running to the shop is my friend.
The girl who you called yesterday has arrived.
The goldsmith gave an overlay of gold over the silver vessel.
The government took serious steps to check the dacoits.
The groups of frogs were traveling through the woods, and two of them fell into a deep pit.
The hat is too small for me.
The hospital has no vacant beds.
The idol was a beautiful piece of excellent workmanship.
The income tax proposal was rejected.
The Inspector made an accidental inspection of the school.
The instructor persuaded Mary to take that course.
Their daughter took the first prize in the race.
The jet zoomed across the sky.
The labour was with the Union leader on this issue.
The landlord had to back down.
The land was zoned for industrial purposes.
The last part of the course was hard because I was running against the wind.
The law does not allow us to do it.
The leopard seizes its kill and begins to eat.
The letter was clearly the product of a twisted mind.
The little ones are hopping and jumping merrily.
The man has been killed by the police.
The Master said, if I did not go, how would you ever see.
The matter was explained by her.
The missiles were zeroed in on the enemy camps.
The mother calmed the angry son.
The news that he has failed is true.
The official refused to comment on the matter.
The old man had to walk a long way to catch the bus.
The old woman was sitting in a chair.
The painted doors look great.
The parents documented every step of their child's development.
The park that encloses the monument has recently been enlarged.
The place where you are staying is very congested.
The planet that we live on is of medium size.
The planet that we will live on will be of medium size.
The policeman took him to the police station.
The priest granted absolution for John's sins.
The professor decided to write a book.
The punch caught him in the stomach.
The purpose of this note is to give simple sentences for translation.
There are many tissues of fat in our body.
There are three boys and four girls in the park.
There is abject poverty in India.
There is a book on the desk.
There is a ghost in the room.
There is a heap of garbage near the house.
There is a well near the tree.
There was a football match in the school yesterday.
There was a forest near the village.
There was a marked difference in the prices of dishes.
There was a red mark on the door.
The role of a teacher is to guide a student towards knowledge.
The school admits only 50 students at a time.
These are some of my early attempts at sculpture.
These cuts in services will particularly affect the old.
These potatoes do not peel easily.
These shoes that I bought will look nice with that hat.
These smugglers are to be captured.
The shadow travels with the sun.
The sky is wreathed with clouds.
The snake the mongoose attacked hissed loudly.
The snake who swallowed the rat hissed loudly.
The soup needs more salt.
The sparrow made a beautiful nest.
The students enjoyed taking that course.
The swimmer swam across the river.
The thief escaped through the open gate.
The train left on time.
The train will leave shortly.
The upper middle-class tend to go into business.
The water came above our shoulder.
The wheels of the car began to turn.
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday.
They bought some imitation jewelry.
They can both run equally fast.
They divided the money up among the children.
The yield of kharif crops was not good this season.
They may have eaten fruits.
</p>
<p>
They seem to resemble each other.
They threw him in the swimming pool.
They told me that the teacher was absent that day.
They used force to open the jammed door.
They were discussing their hopes and dreams.
They would have to eat.
This box cannot be lifted.
This computer is relatively more expensive.
This is a sample sentence for Anusaraka.
This is my first sentence.
This is the way to go.
This job will not take much effort.
To help the poor is a good thing.
To the people of India he is the symbol of mature wisdom.
Was it a message from some intelligent beings in outer space.
We are waiting for Suresh.
We camped on Nilgiri hills during summer.
We caught the last bus for home.
We had wasted our journey.
We have very different ideas about disciplining children.
We lost 30 minutes in the traffic jam.
We now know that there are two thousand elements which we can not use to make a good light bulb.
We ran after him, but he escaped.
Were they talking in English.
Were you aware that something was wrong.
We saw a great movie.
We should help the poor.
We should take care of him.
We thank you all for coming this evening.
We went to Paris on Sarah's advice.
What is the purpose of Dharma?
When Mrs. Chitnis discovered that her husband was an adulterer she divorced him.
When we want to hear a music programme on the radio, we have to tune the radio to the correct station.
Where are you coming from?
Where did the car come from?
Where did they come from?
Where did they go to?
Where does she come from?
Where do the words come from?
Where were you coming from?
Which hand do you use?
Which one is right for me?
Who came first in the race?
Who translated the sentence for the student?
Why are they sitting around the fire?
Why does everyone like her?
Will I be going to the market?
Would there be a party today?
You have no control over your emotions.
You must not drink this.
You must outline the important sentences with a marker.
She bunched her fingers into a fist.
The monkeys bunched together in their cage. 
We were bunched up at the back of the room.
The frightened children bunched together in the corner of the classroom.
His publishers made him revise his manuscript three times.
I can see I will have to revise my opinions of his abilities now. 
The government may need to revise its policy in the light of this report.
The silver was tarnished by the long exposure to the air.
By this time a series of scandals had severely tarnished the leader's reputation.
His reputation was tarnished by his misdeeds.
The arms-dealing affair has severely damaged the reputation of the government.
They accused the US of interfering in the internal affairs of other nations.
The debate was a pretty disappointing affair.
She wore a long black velvet affair. 
The book does not make any mention of his love affair.
I have been running about all morning trying to find you.
She always leaves her clothes lying about on the floor.
Their belongings were flung about the room.
The suspect was about 2 meters tall. 
The Dow Jones industrials closed at 2569.26.
The performance starts at seven.
There is a lot of flu about.
</p>
